JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From July the 12th, 1796,

In the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

October the 5th, 1797,

In the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

OFT H E

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. LII.

B

L

By the KING,

a proclamation,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

WHereas We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to Tuesday the Fifth Day of July next: We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on

Tuesday the said Fifth Day of July next. And We be ing desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known, to all Our loving Subjects, Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a New Parliament: And do hereby further declare. That, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, We have, this Day, given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain to issue out Writs, in due Form, for calling a New Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Saturday the Twenty-first Day of this Instant May, and to be returnable on Tuesday the Twelfth Day of July following.

Given at Our Court at Saint , the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

GOD lave the King.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

Great , and to Our beloved and faithful the

Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of Our said Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of , on the Twelfth Day of this

Instant Month of July, and to every of you. Greeting. Whereas We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs ,» , . -j i.. I-, c -kjt a concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our King-

n«ed) da ed the aoth Day of May .796, dom rf Britain and the Church, did ordain the drflolved the left Parliament, and by Hr. said j,arliamen, to be held „ the DayMd Place afore.

Wnt of Summons, lifted under the Great Seal of said and djd command b Qur feveml Writs, to

Great Bnttm, bearing Teste at tt'ejm.nfier, on Saturday ( the cit '„d'Dy aforesaid> to treat,

the ailt Day of the latne Month, and re urmtble on J and concludc/aboul [h'fe Things, which, in th,s Day, called a new Parliament, fe.eml Members parliamem hen there be pro-

Martis, 12° die yttlii'j

Anno 36® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796;

HE King's Most Excellent Majesty having, by His Royal Proclamation (hereunto an-

new Parliament, several Members appeared: And His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the ift Day of this Instant July, to declare that the said Parliament should be this Day prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons,

posed and treated of: Nevertheless, for certain Causes arid Considerations, Us at this Time especially moving We have thought fit that Our said Parliamem be prorogued unto the Sixteenth Day of August next

enfuingfo that neither you, nor any of you, should

or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the he held or obliged to ap ar on the laid Twelfth Day

Door of the House of leers, end, after a ifiort Stay " ‘5' aforekld <'«T: "f !?"'

,h„. im,r nf rtw. Rlarlr Bod >"d 'Very of r0U- £ who11/ discharged, as tO Us,

therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of thele Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern. That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Sixteenth Day of at Our said City of

srri s wt-a. ii t , T to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those

t 7 T7ftk'r h, S LOrd‘h‘f d" Things; which, in Our said Parliament, by the Com reded the Clerk to read: And the same was read ac-_________________n..... a.m y\ — a___/u., a

cordingly, for proroguing the Parliament

day the 16th Day of August next ensuing

there, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being thfre, the Lord Chancellor Handing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliaments

loweth i viz.

GEORGE Rj

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the

faith, and so forth. To Our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates Nobles, and Peers, of Our Kingdom of

sixth Year of Our Reigns

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Yo R K E *

Vot.

Martis,

4

Parliament

prorogued.

16° AuguJH. a. 1796.

Mart is, 16° die Afugujli3

Anno 36" Georgii III11 Regis, 1796."'

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the 29th Day of July last, to declare, That the Parliament should be this Day again prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Mel-sage from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Stay there, the Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House:, And they being the re, the Lord Chancellor standing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ iilued under the Great Seal for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the 15 th Day of next ensuing;

which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

fGEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Irelan, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To Our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to Our beloved and faithful the

Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of Our said Kingdom, called and choion to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of Westminster, on the Sixteenth Day of August next, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the Twelfth Day of July Instant; and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and con-

clude, about those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And Whereas We have (by Our Writ) for certain Causes ar\d Considerations, Us thereunto especially moving, thought fit to prorogue Our said Parliament from the same Twelfth Day of July Instant, to and until the Sixteenth Day of August now next following; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Twelfth Day of July, at the aforesaid City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; and, by the same Writ, We very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said Sixteenth Day of August, at Our said City, to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain prelfing Causes and Considerations, Us especially thereunto moving, Our said Parliament, from the said Sixteenth Day of August, to and until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of September following, We have thought fit further to prorogue; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Sixteenth Day of , at the aforesaid City: We also will that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Fifteenth Day of September, at Our said City of , to

treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of Our said Kingdom (by God's Abidance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself at , the

Twenty-ninth Day of July,in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Y O R K E.

5

% 6 Geo. III.

15° Septembris.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION *

GEORGE R.

WHereas Our Parliament Hands prorogued to Thursday the Fifteenth Day of September next: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Fifteenth Day of September next, be held and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs. And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTes, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly at West-mhifier, on the said Fifteenth Day of September next.

Given at Our Court at the Queen's House, the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHereas Our Parliament which We summoned to meet at IVefminfer, on the Twelfth Day

of July last, Hands prorogued to Thursday the Fifteenth Day of this Inffant September: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do, for divers weighty Reasons, hereby publish and declare. That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Fifteenth Day of September, to Tuesday the Twenty-seventh Day of this Instant September: And We have given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Writ Patent under Our Great Seal for proroguing the same accordingly. And We do further hereby, with the Advice aforesaid, declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure. That the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-seventh Day of this InHant September, be held, and fit for the Dispatch of divers uigent and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at , on the said

Twenty-seventh Day of this InHant.

Given at Our Court at Wy mouth, the Third Day of September, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

Parliament

prorogued.

Jovts, 150 die Septembris;

Anno 36° Georgii IIItH Regis, 1796.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the Third Day of this InHant September, to declare, That the Parliament should be this Day again prorogued by Writ, the said Members went direHly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Melfage from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Stay there, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the Hpufe: And they being the re, the Duke of Portland Handing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for further proroguing the Parliament unto Tuesday the Twenty-seventh Day of this InHant September; which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

fJEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and lb forth. To Our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to Our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners VoL. 52.

for Shires and Burghs of Our said Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of H 'ejhninfcr, on the Fifteenth Day of September InHant, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, We did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the aforesaid City, on the Twelfth Day of July lafi pafi, and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, coni'ent, and conclude, about those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas We (by Our Writ) for

certain Causes and Considerations, Us thereunto especially moving, have thought fit to prorogue Our said Parliament from the same Twelfth Day of July, unto the Sixteenth Day of AnguJl lafi pall, and from thence, by another Writ, unto the Fifteenth Day of September InHant; l'o that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said Days at the said City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; and, by the same Writ, Wc lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be personally present, on the said Fifteenth Day of September InHant, at the City aforesaid, to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our laid Parliament, should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain Caules and Considerations, Us hereunto especially moving, We have thought fit fur-

C ther

Lord Steward's Deputa tion.

6 150 Septembris. 1796.

ther to prorogue Our said Parliament from the said Fifteenth Day of September Instant, unto Tuesday the Twenty-seventh Day of September Instant; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Fifteenth Day of September Instant, at the aforesaid City: We will therefore, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Twenty-seventh Day of this Instant at Our said City

of Westminster,to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, by the Common Council of Our said Kingdom (by God's Assistance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself at IF mouth, the Third Day of Septem, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself,

Signed with His own Hand.

Yo r K E.

20HNFrederick Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, Knight of the most Noble J Order of the Garter, and One of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council; To all to whom thde Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my laid Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, Master of the Rolls; the Right honourable

Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Henry Addington-, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State; the Right honourable Charles James Fox; the Right honourable John Charles VUliers; the Right honourable the Earl of , in the Kingdom of Ireland-, the Right

honourable the Earl Gower Sutherland; the Right honourable Lord John the Right honourable Lord

Robert Spencer-, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campthe Right honourable Lord Viscount the Right honourable Lord Viscount Stopford, Treasurer of His Majesty's Household; the Right honourable Dudley Ryder; the Right honourable ‘Thomas Steele-, the Right honourable Windham; Sir Scott, Knight,

His Majesty's Attorney General; Sir John Mitford, Knight, His Majesty's Solicitor General; Sir Charles Morgan, Sir Robert Vaughan, Baronets; George Rose, Edward Burrow, Esquires; Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Baronet; John Sargent, Thomas Berney Bramston, Charles Alexander Crickitt, John Hiley Addington, James Martin Lloyd, Charles Long, William

Broderick, Simon Torke, Esquires; Sir Robert Mackreth, Knight; Sit Philip Stephens, Baronet; John Willett Willett, JosephHolden Strutt, Penn Asheton Curzon, Robert Curzon, Christopher Atkinson, Esquires; the Honourable Hobart-, Paul Benfield, Walter Boyd, John Petrie, William Morland, John Fordyce, John Thomas Manners Sutton, Charles Dundas, Esquires; Sir William Toung, Baronet; William Plumer, John Jeffery, Esquires; the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer-, Snowdon Barne, Esquire; Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight; the Right honourable Lord Bruce-, the Honourable James Bruce-, Bryan Edwards, John Nicholls, Henry Strachey, Esquires; Sir John Sir

Charles William Rouse Boughton, Baronets; Thomas Kemp, Esquire; Sir William Heathcote, Sir William Geary, Baronets; Joshua Smith, Esquire; Sir George AllanfonWinn, Baronet; Thomas Stanley, Nathaniel Dance, John Dent, John Baynes Garforth, Henry Penruddocke Wyndham, Richard Bateman Robson, Richard Muilman Trench Scrope Bernard,

Esquires; the Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury; Nathaniel Jefferys, Richard Barwell, Thomas Drake Esquires; Sir Frederick Vane, Baronet; Edmund Wigley, Matthew Bl Esquires; Sir Francis Sykes, Sir Baronets; John Pitt, Reginald Pole Carew, Banajlre Tarlelon, Esquires; the Honourable Francis Fane-, the Right honourable Lord Carrington, in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Honourable John Fane-, Gerard Lake, Esquire, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Twenty-seventh Day of September Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called " land-, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of " Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons;" according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoevermy Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Twenty-seventh Day of September, in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of "God, of Great Britain, France, and ing, Defender of the Faith, tsV. Annoque Domini 1796.

Dorset. (L. S.)

' t.-

It's

Parliament u:n,

6 Geo. III. 270

7

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonafte rienfem, die Martis, 270 die Septembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnse Britanniae, Francise, etHiber-niae, Regis, Fidei Defenforis, See. 36°$ Annoque Domini 1796.

Parliament

meets.

o

GEORGE R.

Q-EOR GE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To all to whom thde Prelents shall come, Greeting. Whereas, by the Advice of Our

N which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, for the Dilpatch of Bu-finess, pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the raoft Noble John Frederick Duke of Dorset,

Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, came, about ' Twelve of the Clock, into One of the Rooms belong- Council, for certain arduous and uigent Affairs coning to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the cerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned of Britain and the Church, We did order a cer-to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and tain Parliament to be holden at Our City of Westmin-Jokn Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, Jler, on the Twelfth Day of July last pall;

and Mr. Ley, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, at- which Parliament hath been from thenceforth pro-tending according to their Duty; and the Honourable rogued, by Our several Writs, to and until the

John Yorke, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having Twenty-seventh Day of this Instant September, then to delivered to the said Mr. Hatfell a Book, containing a be held and fit at Our City of aforesaid;

Lift of the Names of such Members as had been re- and forasmuch as for certain Causes, We cannot con-turned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward veniently be present in Our Royal Person, in Our laid did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed Parliament, upon the said Twenty-seventh Day of Sep-to several of the Members who appeared, and after- tember. Know ye, that We, trusting in the Discretion,

Message to attend the Lords Commission-trs.

Parliament

opened by Corami Jlion.

Fidelity, and Industry of Our most dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor, George Prince of Our most dear Sons and faithful Councillors

Frederick Duke of William Duke of Clarence-,

Our most dear Brother and faithful Councillor William Duke of Gloucester; the most Reverend Father in God, Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor Archbishop of Primate and Metropolitan

of all ;Our right trusty and well - beloved

Councillor Alexander Lord Loughborough, Our Chancellor of Great Britain; Our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousin and Councillor Earl of Chatham, President of Our Council; Our right trusty and right entirely beloved Cousins and Councillors John Frederick Duke of , Steward of Our Household, William Henry Duke of , One of Our principal Secretaries

of State; Our right trusty and entirely beloved Cousins and Councillors James Marquis of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, Thomas Marquis of Bath, Groom of Our Stole, Charles Marquis Cornwallis; Our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousins and Councillors John Earl of Master of Our Korfe,

George John Earl Spencer, first Commissioner of Our 3 Majesty not tninxing nr to oe present nere Ad iralt Charles Earl of and Our right

thts Day in His Royal 1 erfon, has been pleated, tmfty and wel]_beloved Councillors

Lord Grenville, One other of Our principal Secretaries of State, and Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us; by the Advice of Our said Council, do give and grant, by the Tenor of thele Presents, unto the said Prince of Wales, Duke of York, Duke of Clarence, Duke of Gloucester, Archbishop of Canterbury, Chancellor of Great Britain, President of Our Council, Steward of Our Household, Duke of Portland, Chamberlain of our Household, Marquis of Bath, Marquis

wards made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was brought by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers; where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form, between the Throne and the Woolfacks, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

J J IS Majestynot thinking fit to be present here

in order to the opening and holding of this Parliament, to cause Letters Patent to be passed under His Great Seal, constituting us, and several other Lords therein-named, His Commissioners, to do all Things in His Majesty's Name, on His Part, necessary to be performed in this Parliament; this will more fully appear by the Letters Patent themselves, which mull be now read.

Then the said Letters Patent were read; and are as followeth;

Vol. 52.

VIZ.

Lord Chan *

cellor's

Speech.

Mr. Adding ton chosen Speaker.

8 2j° — a8° Septembris. A. 1796.

quis Cornwallis, Earl of Westmorl Earl Spencer, Earl of Liverpool, Lord Grenville, and Lord Kenyon, and any Three of them, full Power, in Our Name, to begin and hold Our said Parliament; and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame; and to proceed upon' the said Affairs in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising the rein; and to do every Thing which for Us, and by Us, for the good Government of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and other Our Dominions thereto belonging, shall be there to be done: And also if necessary to continue, adjourn, and prorogue Our said Parliament; commanding Jilfo, by the Tenor of these Presents, with the Assent of Our said Council, as well all and Angular the Arch-bishops, Bishops, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and Knights, is all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our laid Parliament; that to the same Prince of Wales, Duke of York, Duke of Clarence, Duke of Archbishop

of Canterbury, Chancellor of Great Britain, President of Our Council, Steward of Our Household, Duke of Portland, Chamberlain of Our Household, Marquis of Bath, Marquis Cornwallis, Earl of Earl Spencer,

Earl of Liverpool, Lord Grenville, and Lord Kenyon, and any Three of them, they diligently intend in the Premises in the Form aforesaid. In Witness whereof We have cauled these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster,the Twenty-sixth Day of Septem-

ber, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Yorke.

And then the Lord Chancellor said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have it in command from His Majesty to let you know. That His Majesty will, as soon as the Members of both Houses shall be sworn, in Person declare to you the Causes of His calling this Parliament; and it being necessary a Speaker of the House of Commons should be first chosen, it is His Majesty's Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where you are to fit; and there proceed to the Choice of some proper Person to be your Speaker; and that you present such Person, whom you shall so choose, here Tomorrow, at Twelve o'Clock, for His Majesty's Royal Approbation.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, Commissioner for the Shire of Argyll, addressing himself to the Clerk (who Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Henry Addington-, in which Motion he was seconded by Thomas Powys, Esquire, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Northampton-, and Major General Banajlre Tarletou, One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of ter, also supported the said Motion.

The House then calling Mr. Addington to the Chair, he flood up in his Place, and expressed the Sense he had of the Honour proposed to be conferred upon him, and submitted himself to the House.

The House then again unanimously calling Mr. Addington to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by the said Lord Frederick Campbell and Mr. Powys, and conducted by them to the Chair; where, Handing on the upper Step, he returned his humble Acknowledgments to the House for the great Honour they had been pleased to confer upon him, by unanimously choosing him to be again their Speaker.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Tabic) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Henry Member

for the City of Edinburgh, and One of His Majesty's

principal Secretaries of State, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elect, moved that the House would adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mcrcuriiy 28° di Septembris;

Anno 36° Georgii III1" Regis, 1796.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker ele-ft having taken the Chair;

A Mellage was brought by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker cleft was presented to the said Lords Commissioners, for His Majesty's Royal Approbation: And

Then the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, One of the said Lords Commissioners, signified His Majesty's Approbation of Mr. Speaker cledt.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was plcakd, by His Commissioners, to approve of the Choice ti.e House had made of him to be their Speaker; and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that their Perlqns, their Estates, and Sen-ants might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates; may have Accel's to His Majesty's Royal Person whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, he said, His Majesty, by His said Commissioners, had confirmed to them in as full and ample Manner as they have been heretofore granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his most respectul Acknowledgments to the House, for the Honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in mind, that the first Thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, first alone, Handing upon the upper Step of the Clrair, took the said first -mentioned Oaths, and made and lubfcnlxd the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration, and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath' of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. fpnkcr

apnrcA'tsl of by tiic Kinj.

Mr. Swcakfx take CUilis.

Members tak-; Oath?.

t

' 3 6 Geo. III. 290 — 30° Septembris , — $Q — 6° OBobris.

Jovis, 290 die Septembris;

Anno 36 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796, Prayers.

Member take OEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Oaths. and made and subscribed the Declaration, and

took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis - W< PC to at-tieux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: jesty.H Ma'

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

Members take Oaths.

Veneris, 3 o° die Septembris;

Anno 36° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796, Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till . Morning next. Ten of the Clock,

Mercuriiy 50;

Anno 36° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

And being returned;

Several other Members present took the Oaths, and Members take, made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- °athl‘ feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered ifl such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine outlawry Bill Outlawries, was read the First Time. read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion, do Grand Comfit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. pointed '

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances, do fit every T/iurfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade, do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee of

Prayers.

Member take Oaths.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 6° die OBobris;

Anno 36 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

Mwnbmtake CjEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, OaA . |j and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Vol. 52.

pointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Sloane, Mr. FoMr. Sheridan, Sir Charles

Bunbury, Mr. Alderman Lujhin Mr. Smith, the Lord Carrington, the Lord Huntingfield Lord Viscount Morpeth, Mr. Keene, Lord William Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Sutton, the Earl of Morningtoii, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Douglas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Francis Baring, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Elliot, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Brandling, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Pitt, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Whitbread, Lord Granville Gower,

Sir Henry Fletcher, the Lord Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Pybus Mr. Thornton, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. Martin, Mr. Nepean, Mr. Grey, and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Af-

ternoon; and all who come are to have V oices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall

D come

Privileges

appointed.

to

6° O&obris.

A. 179

tome in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the blatter is in Debate;

of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Other Orders Ordered; That all who will question any

made. Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, do ques-

/ion the same within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places; do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will lerve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; a rub if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined;

Resolved, That no Peer' of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to lerve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himtfelf to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the ufmost Severity against such Person.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is lit ting.

OrdbeJ, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Weshtiinster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made; by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster;and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, hv themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the> same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their fart to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order 3

j

r


S

6° OBohris.

3 6 Geo. III.

11

ing to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, . after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but l'uch as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Members take Then several other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and ' subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Forces, under the auspicious Conduct of the Archduke Charles, such a Turn has lately been given to the

Course of the War, as may inspire a well-grounded Confidence that the final Result of the Campaign will prove more disastrous to the Enemy, than its Commencement and Progress for a Time were favourable to their Hopes.

The apparently holtile Dispositions and Conduct of the Court of Madrid have led to Discussions of which I am not yet enabled to acquaint you with the final Result; but 1 am confident that, whatever may be their Ilfue, I shall have given to Europe a further Proof of My Moderation and Forbearance; and I can have no Doubt of your Determination to defend, against every Aggrefiion, the Dignity, Rights, and Interests, of the British Empire.

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had this Day Kmp'sthe attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where

Sp«tcli. His Majesty was pleased to make a moil Gracious

Speech from the Throne to both Hov.fes of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mif-takes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a peculiar Satisfaction to Me, in the present Conjuncture of Affairs, to recur to your Advice, after the recent Opportunity which has been given for collecting the Sense of My People, engaged in a difficult and arduous Contest, for the Preservation of all that is most dear to Us.

I have omitted no Endeavours far setting on Toot Negotiations to restore Peace to , and to secure

for the future the general Tranquillity. — The Steps which I have taken for this Purpose, have at length opened the Way to an immediate and direct Negotiation, the Ilfue of which mull either produce the desirable End of a just, honourable, and l'olid Peace, for Us, and for Our Allies, or must prove, beyond Dispute, to what Caule alone the Prolongation of the Calamities of War must be aferibed.

I shall immediately fend a Person to Paris, with full Powers to treat for this Object; and it is My anxious Wilh that this Measure may lead to the Restoration of general Peace: But you mull be sensible that nothing can so much contribute to give Effect to this Desire, as your manifesting that we possess both the Determination and the Resources to oppose, with increased Activity and Energy, the further Efforts with which we may have to contend.

You will feel this peculiarly necessary at a Moment when the Enemy has openly manifested the Intention of attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms. — It cannot be doubted, what would be the Ilfue of such an Enterprize; but it befits your Wisdom to neglect no Precautions that may either preclude the Attempt, or secure the Ipeedieft Means of turning it to the Confusion and Ruin of the Enemy.

In reviewing the Events of the Year, you will have observed that, by the Skill and Exertions of My Navy, Our extensive and increasing Commerce has been protected to a Degree almoll beyond Example; and the Fleets of the Enemy have, for the greatclt Part of the Year, been blocked up in their own Ports.

The Operations in the East and Indies have been highly honourable to the British Arms, and productive of great National Advantage; and the Valour and good Conduct of My Forces, both by Sea and Land, have been eminently conspicuous.

The Fortune of War on the Continent has been more various, and the Progress of the French Armies threatened, at one Period, the utmost Danger to all

Europe; but, from the honourable and dignified Perseverance of My Ally the Emperor, and from the Intrepidity, Discipline, and invincible Spirit, of the Austrian Vol. 52.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I rely on your Zeal and Public Spirit for such Supplies as you may think necessary for the Service of the Year. It is a great Satisfaction to Me to observe that, notwithstanding the temporary Embarrassments which have been experienced, the State of the Commerce, Manufactures, and Revenue, of the Country, proves the reaf Extent and Solidity of Our Resources, and furnilhes you such Means as must be equal to any Exertions which the present Crisis may require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Distrefies which tvere in the last Year experienced from the Scarcity of Corn, are now, by the Blessing of God, happily removed; and an abundant Harvest affords the pleasing Prospect of Relief in that important Article to the labouring Classes of the Community. — Our internal Tranquillity has also continued undisturbed-The general Attachment of My People to the British Constitution has appeared on every Occasion; and the Endeavours of those, who wished to introduce Anarchy and Confusion into this Country, have been repreifed by the Energy and Wisdom of the Laws. .

To defeat all the Designs of Our Enemies, to restore to My People the Blefiings of a secure and honourable Peace, to maintain inviolate their Religion, Laws, and Liberty, and to deliver down unimpaired to the latest Posterity the Glory and Happiness of these Kingdoms, is the constant Wilh of My Heart, and the uniform End of all My Actions. — In every Measure that can conduce to these Objects, I am confident of receiving the firm, zealous, and affectionate Support of My Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Resolution for dress be presented to His Majesty, To return His Ma- Adders on jesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious spe"fh. Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we are deeply sensible of His Majesty's Parental Regard for the Interest of His Subjects, in having omitted no Endeavours for . setting on Foot Negotiations to restore Peace to Europe, and to secure for the future the general Tranquillity:

That we rejoice to learn, that the Steps which have been taken for this Purpose have at length opened the Way to an immediate and direct Negotiation, which, we doubt not, will be so conducted on His Majesty's Part, as either to produce the desirable End of a just, honourable, and solid Peace for us and for our Allies, or to prove, beyond Dispute, to what Cause alone the Prolongation of the Calamities of War must be aferibed:

That we join with His Majesty in an anxious Wilh, that the Step which His Majesty proposes to take of fending a Person to Paris, with full Powers to treat, may lead to the Restoration of general Peace; but we

are

12

6° — f O

A. 1796.

are

are fully fenfihL', that nothing can so much contribute To beseech His Majesty to believe, that we to give Eft'ect to this Desire, as manifesting that we deeply impressed with the gracious and paternal Ex-possess both the Determination and the Relources to pressions of His Majesty's conllant Solicitude for the opposej with increased AClivity and Energy, the further Glory and Happiness of His Kingdoms; and that His Etfbfts with which we may have to contend: Majesty may, at all Times, rely on the firm, zealous,

That we mud, indeed, feel this to be peculiarly and affectionate Support of His Parliament, in those neeefiary when an Intention has been openly manifested Exertions which are directed to the great Object of df attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms} and that defeating all the Designs of our Enemies, of reltoring although it cannot be doubted what would be the to the People the BlelTings of a secure and honourable

I Hue of such an Enterprize, we deem it an indispensable Duty to neglect no Precautions that may either preclude the Attempt, or secure the speediest Means of turning it to the Confusion and Ruin of the Enemy:

That in reviewing the Events of the Year we have

Peace, and of delivering down, unimpaired, to the latest Posterity, those Civil and Religious Blelfings by which these Kingdoms have been so eminently distinguished under the Protection of His Majesty's just and auspicious Government.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw

not failed to observe, with a just Satisfaction, that by up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the Skill and Exertions of His Majesty's Navy our the said Resolution: 1

extensive and increasing Commerce has been protected And a Committee was appointed of Lord Viscount tq a Degree almost beyond Example; and that the Sir Mr. Chancellor of the

Fleets of the Enemy have, for the greatest Part of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Master of the Year, been blocked up in their own Ports: Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. , Lord

We consider the Operations in the Edft and West derick the Lord the Earl of

Indies as productive of great National Advantage, and Mr. , Mr. , Mr. Solicitor

as displaying the Valour and good Conduct of His General, Mr. Steele, Mr. , Mr. Hobart, Mr. Majesty's Forces, both by Sea and Land, in a Degree Mr. , Mr. Long, Mr. Sargent, the Lord Arden,

highly honourable to the British Arms; Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. , Mr.; or any

That, having contemplated, with anxious Solicitude, Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immedi-

Committee appointed to draw up Addreu.

the various Fortune of War on the Continent, and the Danger with which all Europe was at one Time threatened, we reflect, with proportionable Admiration and joy, On the honourable and dignified Perseverance of His Majesty's Ally the Emperor; and on the Intrepidity, Discipline, and invincible Spirit, of the Aujirian Forces, under the auspicious Conduct of the Archduke , and we entertain the most sanguine Hope, that, from the Turn lately given to the Course of the War, the final Result of the Campaign may prove more disastrous to the Enemy, than its Commencement and Progress for a Time were favourable to their Hopes >

That, while we regret the hostile Dilpositions and Conduct on the Part of the Court of Madrid, which have led to the Discussions now depending, we enter -tain a just Confidence, that, whenever His Majesty shall be enabled to acquaint us with the final Result, a further Proof will be given to Europe of the Temper and Prudence which govern His Majesty's Proceedings; and we cannot too strongly express to His Majesty our fixed Determination tosupport His Majesty with our

ately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

King's Speech rd erred.

Veneris, 70 dieOElobris;

Aiino 36° Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1796. pRAVfik.

Petition of Gaetano Tejiolini, was presented to the Te-ltolini'#

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Lives and Fortunes in defending, against every Ag- according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that greflion, the Dignity, Rights, and Interests, of the British Mr. Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring

Nat. Petition#

in, the fame.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections Resolution re-

and Returns, being offered to be presented to the fPeihnB c,aJr House; me and read-

Resolved, That whenever several Petitions, com-

Kmpire

To assure His Majesty, that He may, at all Times, rely on the Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons for such Supplies as may be necessary for the Sendee of the Year; and that it rauft afford us the most cordial Satisfaction to find that, notwithstanding the temporary Embarrassments which have been expe- plaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members rienced, the State of the Commerce, Manufactures, to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, be and Revenue, of the Country, proves the real Extent offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker and Solidity of the Public Relources, and will fumilh shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered such Means as may be equal to the great and vigorous in at the Table, where they shall be classed and read Exertions which the present Crisis peculiarly requires: in the following Order;

That we acknowledge, with the utmost Thankful- Such Petitions as complain that no Return has

been made of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in the First Class:

Such as complain of Double Returns, in the Second Class:

Such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for Two or more Places, in the Third Class: *

Such as complain of Returns only, in the Fourth Class; and

The Residue of the said Petitions, in the Fifth Class,

ing; ing E lt d ion Petitions.

ness and Satisfaction, that the Distresses which were in the last Year experienced from the Scarcity of Corn, are now, by the Blefiing of God, happily removed; and that an abundant Harvest affords the pleasing Prospect of Relief, on that important Article, to the labouring Classes of the Community:

That with equal Satisfaction we reflect on the uninterrupted Continuance of our internal Tranquillity, on the general Attachment of His Majesty's faithful Subjects to the British Constitution, and on the happy Effects produced by the Energy and Wisdom of the

And the Names of the Places to which such Peti-Laws in repressing the Endeavours of those who wished tions (contained in the First Class, if more than One) 10 introduce Anarchy and Confusion into the Country: shall relate, shall, in the first Place, be written on several

3 6 Geo. III.

veral Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and the same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a Box or Glals, and then publickly drawn by the Clerk: And the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Names shall be drawn; and then the like Method shall be observed with respect to the several Petitions contained in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Classes, reflectively.

Then several Petitions were delivered in at the Table accordingly.

And there being. no Petitions of the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Classes, described in the Resolution of the House;

The Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House) were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

Carmarthen A Petition of John George Philipps, Esquire, was dtion otTlr?- read; Setting forth. That on Friday, the 27th Day of Philipps. May last, an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen camp on, in the Guildhall there, and was continued and ended on Saturday the 28th Day of the same Month, at which Election the Petitioner and Magens Dorrien Magens, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, but that Evan Evans and David Lewis, Gentlemen, who were the Sheriffs of the said Borough and who acted as Returning Officers at the said Elec tion, in taking the Poll were guilty of the greatest Partiality and Injustice towards the Petitioner, by illegally rejecting the Votes of several Burgesses who had a legal Right to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said Magens Dorrien Magens, who had no legal Right to vote; and that the said Sheriffs, although they had, at the Opening the Poll, declared that the Statute passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and " Boroughs/' did not apply to the Bojough of Carmarthen, and fiad, in Consequence of such Declaration, permitted Four Burgesses, who had not been possessed of their Franchises Twelve Calendar Months, to poll for the said Magens Dorrien Magens, yet the said Sheriffs immediately afterwards rejected Seventeen Burgesses, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, merely because they had not been possessed of their Franchises Twelve Calendar Months next pre- ceding the Election; and the said Sheriffs were guilty of several other gross Acts of Misconduct and Partiality in Favour of the said Magens Dorrien Magens, and a gain ft the Petitioner; and that, by thcle and oti er undue Means and Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the said Magens Dor-ricti Magens, who hath been thereupon returned, by the said Sheriffs, as the Member to serve in Parliament for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes tendered at such Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and also to the great Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said County Borough, and in Defiance of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 27th Day of this Instant October, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon'.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records,

VOL. 52.

u

as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Tierney, was read; Setting forth, That, by a Standing Order of the House, it is titionoi hicJ resolved as follows, that is to say, " That, if any Per- Tierney.

" son hereafter to be elected into a Place for to lit and " serve in the House of Commons for any County,

" City, Town, Port, or Borough, after the Teste or " the issuing out of the Writ of Election, upon " the calling or summoning any Parliament hereafter,

" or after any such Place becomes vacant hereafter,

" in the Time of Parliament, shall, by himself, or " by any other on his Behalf, or at his Charge, at any " Time before the Day of his Election, give any Per-u son having Voice in any such Elections any Meat or <c Drink, exceeding in the true Value Ten Pounds in the Whole, in any Place or Places but in his own " Dwelling House or Habitation, being the usual Place " of his Abode for Six Months last past, or shall, before such Election be made and declared, make any " other Prelent, Gift, or Reward, or any Promise,

" Obligation, or Engagement to do the laine, either " to any such Person or Persons in particular, or to " any such County, City, Town, Port, or Borough,

" in general, or to or fur the Use or Benefit of them " or any of them, every such Entertainment, Prelent,

" Gift, Reward, Promise, Obligation, or Engagement,

" is by this House declared to be Bribery, and such " Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Promise,

" Obligation, or Engagement, being duly proved, is " and shall be sufficient Ground, Cause, and Matter,

" to make every such Election void as to the Person " so offending, and to render the Person so elected incapable to fit in Parliament by such Election;" and that by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament," reciting, that,

" Whereas grievous Complaints are made, and manifestly appear to be true, in the Kingdom, of undue " Elections of Members to Parliament, by excessive " and exorbitant Expences, contrary to the Laws, and " in Violation of the Freedom due to the Election of " Representatives for the Commons of England in " Parliament, to the great Scandal of the Kingdom,

" dishonourable, and may be destructive to the Constitution of Parliaments, wherefore, for Remedy " therein, and that all Elections of Members to Parliament may be hereafter freely and indifferently " made without Charge or Expence," it was Enacted and Declared, that no Person or Persons thereafter to be elected to serve in Parliament for any County, City,

Town, Borough, Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of England, after the Teste of the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or after the Teste, or the issuing out, or ordering of the Writ or Writs of Election, upon the calling or summoning of any Parliament thereafter, or after any such Place should become vacant thereafter, in the Time of the then present, or of any other Parliament, should thereafter, by himself or them selves, or by any other Ways or Means on his or their Behalf, or at his or their Charge, before his or their Election to serve in Parliament for any County, j

City, Town, Borough, Port, or Place, directly or in- i

directly, give, present, or allow, to any Person or Persons having Voice or Vote in such Election, any Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, or Provision, or make any Present, Gift, Reward, or Entertain- i

ment, or should at any Time thereafter make any I

Promise, Agreement, Obligation, or Engagement, to !

give or allow any Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, I

Prelent, Reward, or Entertainment, to or for any such Person or Persons in particular, or to any such County,

City, Town, Borough, Port, or Place, in general, or to or for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Employment,

K Profit,

1 1

1

/ 1

7° 0Bohr is.

H

if OBobrtS. A. 1796.

Profit, or Preferment, of any such Person or Persons, Place or Places, in order to be elected, or for being defied, to serve in Parliament for such County, City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place; and it was thereby further Enacted and Declared, that every Person and Persons so giving, pretenting, or allowing, making, promifingi or engaging, doing, acting, or proceeding, should be, and were thereby declared and enacted disabled and incapacitated upon such Eletflion to serve in Parliament for such County, City, Town, Borough, Port, or Place, and that such Feribn or Persons Should be deemed and taken, and were thereby declared and enacted to be deemed and taken, no Members in Parliament, and should not act, lit, or have any Vote or Place in Parliament, but Should be, and were thereby declared and enacted to be, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if they had been never returned or elected Members for the Parliament; and that, at the last Election for the Borough of Sout/nuarfc, George Woodford TkelhJJbn, Esquire, Henry Thornton, Ef quire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said George Woodford The!!ufbn, by him Self, his Agents, Friends, and Ala: :ngers, did, after the Telle and the ill'uing oat of toe Writ of Election, give to Persons having Vote in such Election Meat and Drink, and also make other Presents, Gifts, and lic.urds, to such Persons, contrary to, anti in Defiance of, the Standing Order of the House hereinbefore recited; and the Petitioner prays, that he may be allowed, without Loss of Time,

duly to prove the fame, as a luffcient Ground, Cauie, and Matter, to make the said Election void, and to render the said George Wt-odf-rdincapable to

fit in Parliament by luci: Election; and that the said George H'codfrdfhclhfou, by himself, his Agents,

Friends, and Managers, and by other W ays and Means, on the Behalf, or ai the Charge of him the said George J-Voodford The/!:fen, did, after the Vacancy happened for the said Borough of and after the Telle

of the Writ, give, prclent, and allow, to Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provillon, and did make Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provillon, Presents, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to or for the life, Advantage, Benefit, and Profit, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election,

iS> v>- # O _ *

in order to procure him the said George Woodford

hjfon to be elected to Ierve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark,contrary to, and in Contempt of, the Provisions of the AT, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Wilium the Third, hereinbefore recited, v-hereby the said George Woodford

lujjonis ditabled and incapacitated upon such Election to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark, and is to be deemed and taken no Member in Parliament, and ought not to act, lit, or have any Vote or Place in Parliament, but is to all Intents, Conllruclions, and Purposes, as if he had never been returned or defied Member for the Parliament: And therefore praying, That an early Day may be appointed to take the Premises into Consideratton. v Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confident ion upon Tu.fdav, the ill Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do hiue his Warrant, cr Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Hull be thought necdlary, by the lcveval Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Carnet ford A Petition of the honourable com-

E ectum-Pe- monjy called Lord Prelion of the Kingdom of

tition of Lord in . , v‘ ? 0 . r

preftonami and Robert Adair, Esquire, was read; Setting forth,

Mr. Adair. That the Petitioners and William 'JoJ'eph Ef-

4

quire, and John Anger dein, Esquire, were'Candidates at the last Election ot Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Came ford, in t lie County of L'annca//, held on or about the 30th Day of A/or 1796, and that the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Camc/fjrd, paying Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote at the Election, of Burgesses to serve in Parliament fur the said Borough; and that the Mayor of the said Borough; who acted as the Returning Oiheer at the said late Electron, took upon him unlawfully to reject the Petitioners as Candid ites, under Pretence that they had not been put in Nomination by any of the Burge lies or Freemen of t he hud Borough, in whom he alberted ti e Right of Election to he exclusively veiled, although the Petitioners were repeatedly proposed as Candidates by one or more of the Inhabitants of the find Borough \ aying Scotland Lot, and entitled to vote at the said hue Lection; and that a Majority of the Persons, entitled to vote at the said late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for lire laid Borough, duly tendered their Votes for the Petitioners at such Election (which Votes the said Mayor took upon himself, without lawful or fuiixicnt Cause, to difaiio.v and reject) and that the Petitioners ought therefore to have been returned duly defied to ierve in Parliament as Burgdles for the said Borough; notwithstanding which, the said Mayor has returned the said William Joseph Dcnrdson and John Anger (I chi as duly elected to Ierve in Parliament lor the hud Borough, in Violation of the Rights a zhe lawful Lice-

o 7 o

tors of the said Borough, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that the said Mayor admitted divers Persons to vote for the said 7liiam Dcn>:if ,i

and John AngerHein at the said late Election ot Menfoe.s

to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cattle/-fvrd., who were not entitled to vote at the land El-ccior.; and that the said Mayor, being the Returning Uf'h eras aforesaid at the-: aid late Election, did not at r.ve laid late Election adminil" , or cauie to be adir.iuillcred, to t!.e Poll Clerk, or Fenon 'vhoaEted as Poll Clerk, and t>>ok. the Poll at the said Election, the Oath required by Law to be taken by ail Poll Clerks, or Persons ariting as Clerks, in taking the Poll at every Election of Members of Parliament; and that the said William Joseph Demitfon and John Angerfein,by Means of thernldve.-, their Agents, and -ether Persons, previous to and at the said late Election, were guilty of Bribery, and did thereby corrupt and procure divers of tire Persons, who voted at the said late Election, to give their Votes at the same for the said William Joseph Dcnuifon and

And therefore praying the House to take the Premia's into their Consideration, and to grant tl.e Petitioners such Relief as the Justice of the Cai'c may require, and as they are entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Confederation upon Thursday ,the 3d Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of C.wf'rb the Borough of Camelford,in the County of Cornwall, p f,' paying Scotland Lot, was also read; Setting forth. That Vvu-r». tire Inhabitants of the said Borough of pay-

ing Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote at the Election of Burgdles to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Camelford; and that the Honourable Augustus Lud-

low, commonly called Lord Prejlonof the Kingdom of Ireland, and Robert Adair, Esquire, and Joseph

Dennison, Esquire, and John AngEiquire, were

Candidates at the last Election of Burgdles to Ierve in Parliament for the said Borough of Came ford, held on or about the 30th Day of May 1796; and that the Mayor of the said Borough, who acted as the Returning Officer at the said late Election, took upon him unlawfully to reject the said Honourable commonly called Lord Preston, and Robert Adair, Esquire, as Candidates, under Pretence that they had not been put in Nomination by any of the Burgdles or Freemen of the said Borough, in whom he aliened tire Right of Election to be exclusively veiled, although

3dT Geo. III.

OBohriS.

S

Lerrr.ir.fter rk-clion — Pe-111ion of Mr# Biddulpii *

they were repeatedly proposed as Candidates by one or more of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and entitled to vote at the said late Ejection; and that the Petitioners and others, Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, being a Ma-

said John Hunter: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as to them in their Wifclom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

jorify of the Persons entitled to vote at the said late sideration upon Tnesday, the 8th Day of November next, Election of Members tolbrvein Parliament for the said at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

Borough, duly tendered their Votes for the said Ho- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or nourable Augustus Ludlow, commonly called Lord Pref- Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Ik all ton, and Robert Adair, Esquire, at such Election (which be thought necessary, by the ibvcral Parties on the Votes the said Mayor took upon himself, without lawful Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, or fiiiiicient Cauie, to dilallow and reject) and that the said Honourable Augustus Ludlow, commonly called Lord Pi eft on, and Robert Adair, Esquire, ought therefore to have been returned duly elected to serve in Parliament as Burgelies for the said Borough, notwithstanding which., the said Mayor has returned the said IViUiiim Joseph Derm son and John Angerflein, as duly elebled to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation of the Rights, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and the other lawful Electors of the said Borough; and that the said Mayor admitted divers Persons to vote for the said William Joseph Dennison and T,je rioufe was movcc], That the Entry in the Jour- Kdblution of Jobi Ant gent,at the laidIE lection cf Members to naj t]ie House, of the nth Day of 17S9, /7#9j reiPc&-

sene m iaihament for the said Lorough of Came!join ,0y the Pefolution of the House respecting the Recog- cco"111 vy io were not entitled to \ote at the said Elea ion; and n|zances to be entered into by any Person having pre-that the said Mayor, being the Returning Oncer as fented a Peti(ion to t!iis House, complaining cf an aforelaic!, at the said late Election, c.id not, at the said uncjue Election or Return of a Member to lerve in iate Election administer, or cause to be adminiUered, Parliamentj migllt be read.

to the I oil Clerk, or 1 er.on who aaed as PeJ Clerk, nd tjje jaa,e was reacj accordingly; and is as

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Abls, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

zautes, read *

and took the Pell at the said Election, the Oath required by Law to be taken by all Poll Clerks, or Persons aiding as Clerks, in taking the Poll at every Election of Members of Parliament; and that the said William Joseph Dennison and John Angerflein, by Means of themielves, their Agents, and other Persons, previous to, and at the said late Election, were guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices, and did thereby corrupt and procure divers of the Persons who voted at the said late Election to give their Votes at the same for the said m '/Ham Joseph Dennison and John Angerflein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the Justice of the Cate may require, and as they may be entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought neccliary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition cf Robert BiJdiilph, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the said Election of Twro Re-prefematives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leom'nfler, in the County of Hereford, the Petitioner, and John Hunter, and George Augustus Pollen, Esquires, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was demanded and taken before Tobias Davies, Esquire, who was CailifI, and Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that the said Tobias Davies added with great and manifold Partiality in Favour of the said George Atgv.Jius Pollen, and against the Petitioner, by receiving the Votes of clivers Persons for the said George

follo;vethy viz.

" Refohed, That, for the due Execution of an Add, " pallid in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of I iis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Regulation of the Trialsof controverted Elections, br " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," lb far " as the said Act respects the Recognizances thereby u required to be entered into by any Perlcn having " presented a Petition to this House, complaining cf " an undue Election or Return, or of the OmilTion of " a Return, or of the Inluificiency of a Return, it is " expedient, that the Examiners of Sureties, to be appointed by virtue of the said (Acl, should attend " (for the Purpose of examining the Sufficiency of any " Surety, or Sureties, to be named in any such Recognizance) in one of the Committee Rooms belonging to this House, at such Time or Times, within " the Time limited by the said Act, as shall be appointed by such Examiners, on Application made by " any such Petitioner, or his Agent, to the Clerk, or " Clerk Assistant, of this House; and that such Petitioner do give due Notice of the Time and Place of " such intended Examination, together with the Names *

" Additions, and Places of Abode, of such Sureties, to " the Sitting Member or Members, whose Election or " Return is complained of by such Petition, or their " know n Agent or Agents, and to every other Person " or Persons to whom the Speaker of the House of " Commons shall have given Notice to attend, at the " Time when any such Petition is ordered by the " House to be taken into Consideration, or their known " Agent or Agents."

Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Com- AdJrefc remittee, appointed Yesterd y to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address according , which they had

Augustus Pollen who had no Right to vote, and also by rejecting a great Number of legal Votes w ho were ten-

dcTcd for the Petitioner; and that, by thoie and other hi.n to report to the Houie; and he read the

illegal Means, a colourable Majority of One fingfe Vote fam£ in his PJ and aftcnvards delivered it in at was procured for the said George Augufus Pollen, over the t]j£ C]crk>s Xable . V\ here the same was read; and is

Petitioner, and the said Tobias Davies hath returned the said George Augufus Pollen as duly defied, together

with the said John Hunter, whereas there was a great Majority of legal Votes in Favour of the Petitioner over the said George Augufus Pollen, and the Petitioner

as fuiloweth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subicfls,

ought to have been returned as duly defied with the the Commons of in Parliament alFm-

Vol. 52. bled,

16 7° — 8° OBobris. . 1796".

bled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble and unanimous Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly sensible of Your Majesty's parental Regard for the Interest of Your Subjects, in having omitted no Endeavours for letting on Foot Negotiations to restore Peace to Eur, and to secure for the future the general Tranquillity; and we rejoice to learn, that the Steps which have been taken for this Purpose, have at length opened the Way to an immediate and direct Negotiation, which, we doubt net, will be lb conducted on Your Majesty's Part, as either to produce the desirable End of a just, honourable, and l'olid Peace, for us and for our Allies, or to prove beyond Dispute to what Cause alone the Prolongation of the Calamities of War must be aicribed.

We cordially join with Your Majesty in an anxious With that the Step, which Your Majesty proposes to take, of fending a Person to Paris with full Powers to treat, may lead to the Restoration of general Peace; but we are fully sensible that nothing can lb much contribute to give Eiled to this Desire, as manifesting that we pollels both the Determination and the Resources to oppose, with increased Activity and Energy, the further Efforts with which we may have to contend; and we must indeed feel this to be peculiarly necessary when an Intention has been openly manifested of attempting a Descent on thel'e Kingdoms; and, although it cannot be doubted w'hat would be the Issue of such an Enterprize, we deem it an indispensable Duty to neglect no Precautions that may either preclude the Attempt, or secure the speediest Means of turning it to the Confusion and Ruin of the Enemy.

In reviewing the Events of the Year, we have not failed to observe with a just Satisfaction, that, by the Skill and Exertions of Your Majesty's Navy, our extensive and increasing Commerce has been protected to a Degree almost beyond Example; and that the Fleets of the Enemy have, for the greatest Part of the Year, been blocked up in their own Ports; and we have fecn with Pleasure the Operations in the East and West Indies, which, while they have been productive

of great National Advantage, have also dilplayed the Valour and good Conduct of Your Majesty's Forces, both by Sea and Land, in a Degree highly honourable to the British Arms.

Having contemplated with anxious Solicitude the various Fortune of War on the Continent, and the Danger with which all Europe was at one Time threatened, we relied with proportionable Admiration and Joy on the honourable and dignified Perseverance of Your Majesty's Ally the Emperor, and on the Intrepidity, Discipline, and invincible Spirit, of the AuJIrian Forces under the auspicious Conduct of the Archduke Charles-, and we entertain the most: /anguine Hope that, from the Turn lately given to the Course of the War, the find Result of the Campaign may prove more disastrous to the Enemy than its Commencement and Progress, for a Time, were favourable to their

the most cordial Satisfaction to find that, notwithstanding the temporary EmbarralfinCnts which have been experienced, the State of the Commerce, Manufactures, and Revenue of the Country, proves the real t Extent and Solidity of the Public Resources, and will furnish such Means as may be equal to the great and vigorous Exertions which the present Crilis peculiarly requires.

We acknowdedge with the utmost Thankfulnels and Satisfaction, that the Distrefi'es, which were in the lait Year experienced from the Scarcity of Corn, are now, by the Blelfing of God, happily removed, and that an abundant Harvest affords the pleasing Prolped of Relief on that important Article to the labouring ClallLs of the Community; and with equal Satisfaction we refled on the uninterrupted Continuance cf our internal Tranquillity, on the general Attachment of Your Majesty's faithful Subjects to the British Constitution, and on the happy Effects produced by the Energy and Wisdom of the Laws in reprefiing the Endeavours of those who wifiicd to introduce Anarchy and Confulion into the Country.

We beseech Your Majesty to believe that we arc deeply imprested with the gracious and paternal Expressions of Your Majesty's conliant Solicitude for the Glory and Happinels of Your Kingdoms; and w'c are persuaded that Your Majesty may at all Times rely on the firm, zealous, and afiedionafe, Support of Your Parliament in those Exertions which are directed to the great Objcd of defeating all the Dd'gns of our Enemies, of restoring to the People the s of a

secure and honourable Peace, and of delivering down unimpaired, to the latest Posterity, those Civil and Religious BIcflings by which theft Kingdoms have been so eminently distinguished under the 1'rotedion of Your Majesty's just and auspicious Government.

The laid Adclrefs being read a Second dime;

Rejoined, Nemine CuntradiceMe, That this agree with the Committee in the said Addivls to be presented to His Majesty.

Rejoined, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are cf His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into dera- Jered‘°U tion Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die 0Siobris;

Hopes. While we

t

! r

regret

duct on the Part ol the

Anno 56® Georgii Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

LORD Viftount Stopford reported to the House, The That His Majesty, having been waited upon

points to be :ittended by the lloufc.

: hostile Dilpositions and Con-Court of Madrid, which have led to the Di'cuffions now depending, wfe entertain a just Confidence that, whenever Your Majesty shall be enabled to acquaint us with the final Relult, a further

Proof will be given to Europe of the Temper and Pru- (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to ilence which govern Your Majesty's Proceedings; and His Majesty's Pleasure when He would be pleated to wc cannot too strongly express to Your Majesty our be attended by this House, had to appoint

fixed Determination to support Your Majesty with to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of our Lives and Fortunes, in defending against every the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Aggression the Dignity, Rights, and Interests, of the British Empire. ' Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections

We beg to allure Your Majesty, that You may at and Returns, being offered to be presented to the all 'limes rely on the Zeal and Affection of Your faith- House; the same were delivered at the Table And ful Commons for such Supplies as may be necessary the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions for the Service of the Year; and that it must afford us related (being all of them Petitions of the lull

mentioned

tion s dc Jvt red m.

3 6 Geo. III.

8a Otiobris.

17

mentioned in the Resolution of the House of Yesterday) were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

MilbomePort Election — Petition of Mr. Aiadeod.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Thursday, the 10th Day of November ' next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on

Guildford

A Petition of Norman Macfcod, Esquire, was read; Set-

ting forth, That at the late Election of Burgesses for the

Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, the Hearing of the Matter of "the said Petition,

the Petitioner, together with Lucius Concannon, Esquire,

and the Honourable Henry Paget, commonly called A Petition of Esquire, was read; Setting m.

Lord Paget and Sir Robert Atnjne, Knight were Can- forth Th af ,aft , of Bu ffes t *

dictates to serve m Parliament for the said Borough; serve ln Parliament for the Town and Borough of Guild- BoXn°

<»nrf fhraf flip lenrt kl nnn \xrnc han nn thp o ntn t . _ ro 1 tt , .

ford, in the County or Surrey, the Honourable Chappel Norton and the Honourable Thomas Onslow, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that James Vincent, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, presided at such Election as the Returning Officer; and that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough, by a Majority of the Persons duly qualified to vote at such Election by the Constitution of the said Town and Borough, and ought ac-

and that the said Election was had, on the 27th Day of May last, before Edward While and George Longman, Senior, Deputy Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough, and the said Returning Officers declared the said Henry Lord Paget and Sir Robert Ainflie to be duly elected; and that the said

Returning Officers did, at the said Election, admit to Vote, for the said Henry Lord Paget and Sir Robert Ainflie, Nine Persons, stiled or stiling themselves Capital

Bailiffs of the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner is , . , x , - r l »~ zr

advised, and humbly infills, that the Two Capital Bat- have been returned as one of the Burgesses

Jiffs, being the prefixing and acting Capital Bailiffs for tof P rh ~

the Year within the said Borough? only have a Right of and that the said[James as such

to vote, and that Seven of the Persons, stiled or flilTng °?Cer " thought fit to admit di-

themselves Capital Bailiffs, have no Right to vote, and rs Pa to v°te at he said pleftl°n' for thfe ,fa!d ought not to have been admitted to vote at the said who had no Right, and were not duly

Election; and that the said Returning Officers did arbi- VotepaV fa,d and rejected the

trarily and illegally admit to vote, at the said Election, V°tes / d Persons who were duly qualified to vote,

for the said Harry Lord Paget and Sir Robert Ainflie, a.nd offered ‘° te at f % ,thf.Pet1'

divers Persons disabled to vote by reason of such Persons i and that, notwithstanding the due Election of holding disqualifying Offices; and that the Inhabitants, the Pet,tl0ner as aforesaid, the said James Vincent, under

paying Scotland Lot, who are duly qualified according tke ?°lo, UT of/ Pretended Majority of Votes, illegally

to Law, have a Right to vote for the said Borough, bu? ,mltted as aforesaid' ,hath nundu re ud the said the said Returning Officers did arbitrarily and legally ° >was one °,f he Burgesses elected to repre-

admit to vote, at ?he said Election, for the said Lord Jent the/a‘d and ®°gh W ParIia e > the

Paget and Sir Robert Ainflie, Persons who were not duly entided to v0 e :h *

rated, Persons who did not occupy the Premisses for !!on of said a?d ]and of the Peti-which they were admitted to vote, or who had not oc- ‘°"er' wh.° was duly lelected b7 a Majority of cupied the same for a sufficient Length of Time pre- es> and ouSht J: been returned to serve lit vious to the said Election; and that the said Returning Parliament as of the Burgesses for the said Town Officers did arbitrarily and illegally admit divers othe? d Borough: And therefore praying. That the House

Persons to poll for the said Lord Paget and Sir Robert Jak,e h.e P nufes into Consideration, and grant

A him such Relief as the Justice of his same requires, and

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, off the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ainflie, who had no Right to vote, and arbitrarily and illegally rejected divers Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, at the said Election, who had a Right to vote; and that William Coles Medlycott, Esquire, who was avowedly in the Interest, and the Friend and Agent, of the said Sir Robert Ainflie, and upon whose Invitation the said Sir Robert Ainflie came to the said Borough to Hand as a Candidate, previous to the said Election, did bribe, and attempt to bribe and influence, divers Persons to vote in Favour of the said Sir Robert Ainflie at the said Election; and that the said George Longman, one of the said Returning Officers, during the - Canvass previous to the said Election, did act as Agent to the said William Coles Medlycott and Sir Robert Ainflie, and did bribe, and attempt to bribe and influence, several Persons to vote in Favour of the said Sir Robert Ainflie at the said Election; and that the said Sir Robert Ahflie and his Agents, or Persons employed by him, with his Privity, and by his Direction, previous to the said Election, were guilty

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were- sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe A _ . Tr <- A

and corrupt those who had a Right to vote It the said . Mr. Hobm presented to Ae House, accord,ng to J-Uj,.

Eleaion; and that by these, and other corrupt, undue. Order, a B, U for naturaimng Ga«f TMm, And the toicd. ' ... 1 j , t o o r . j fhmp was received i and read the hirfr lime,

illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, many rerlons voted

for the said Sir Robert Ainflie, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner, and the said Sir Robert Ainflie is unduly returned as a Burgess for the said Borough in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Vio-

fame was received; and read the First: Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

.....- .„ The House proceeded to take into Consideration His King'sSpcecli

lation of tVel gh'ts'of the said Borough',' and"thc Free- Majesty's moil Gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- conned.

dom of Election: And therefore praying the House to hament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted Motion fora

to His Majesty; Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- To be confi-

J p iner deredin a

« Committee *

take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief with Regard to the said Return, and also the Merits of the said Election, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vox.,

vj0O

Punton Tn-closure Peti-Doa.

Kind's Answer to Ad-drtis.

FIcfHon Petitions delivered in.

Downton F.'tetion — Petition of Mr. Wrijhtfon.

18

8° — io°

A. 179 6.

ir.g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lurue, 10° dieOBobris;

Anno 36° Georgii III«U Regis, 1796.

Pray ers,

A Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Dun!on, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, the Petitioner and John Esquire, and the Honourable Bonverie and Sir

William Scott, Knight, were Candidates; and that the said Election came on at Down ton aforesaid on the 27 th Day of Maylaft, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before Robert Blake, Esquire, who acted as the Returning Officer for the said Borough, under an Appointment as Deputy to William Boucher, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Downlon aforesaid; and that the said Robert Blake did, at the said Poll so taken by him, partially, illegally, and wrongfully, reject several legal Votes, which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioner and the said John Motteux, and did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward and Sir

Scott, and, under Colour of pretended Majority in Favour of the said Edward Bonverie and Sir 111 Scott, and although in Fact there was a great Majority of legal Votes in Favour of the Petitioner and the laicl John Motteux, the said Robert Blake did declare the said Edward Bonverie and Sir William Scott duly elected, and hath taken upon himself, falsely and illegally, to make a Return of the said Edward Bonverie and Scott, as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who

other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in which the , . , - . , c r.

Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dispersed wf duly elected: And therefore praying the House to and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are in- 'ak? li,e ,m'° Contention, and to grant the

,irT jt - ill 1 iiarn fh rptn nc tr t hr l-frYiit/ Ih-nl

capable of improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and Under such Regulations, as to the House fnay seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. OJbcrndo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Mvfes Barling, William Mowland, Pe- Downton ter Wornell, Thomas Mitchell the Elder, John Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of Do ZCHm holders. ton, in the County of Wilts,was also read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of BurgefTcs to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of William Wrightson, Esquire, John Mo Esquire, the

Honourable Edward Bonverie, and Sir Scott,

Knight, were Candidates; and that the said Eiedion came on at Downton aforesaid, on the 27th Day of May last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before Robert Blake, Esquire, who a (fled as Returning Officer for the said Borough, under an Appointment as Deputy to William Boucher, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Dozen ton aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, Thomas Mitchell the Elder, John Matthews, and John Edfall, being fcVcrally

Freeholders of Burgage Tenements within the said Borough of Downton, and lawful Electors of BurgefTcs to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, did at the said Poll tender their Votes for the said William Wright-

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His. Majesty upon Saturday last, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this moll Gracious Answer: ‘ *

Gentlemen,

I return you My particular Thanks for this dutiful ind affectionate Address. The cordial and unanimous Assurances of your continued and zealous Support af- son and John to the said Robert Blake, who

ford Me the utmost Satisfaction in this important Con- ought to have admitted laid Votes on the said

juncture: They must have the happiest Tendency to Poll, but the said did partially,

give Effect to My Endeavours for the Restoration of and wrongfully, reject their laid Votes, and did receive Peace onfecure, honourable, and adequate Terms; and for the said Borough many illegal Votes in Favour of

they afford Me, at the same Time, a just Confidence, the said Edward Bonverie and Sir Scott, and,

that, if this deiirable End cannot be obtained, I Hull under Colour of a Majority so procured in Favour of

be enabled to prosecute the War with re-doubled the said Edward Bonverie and Sir William Scott, and

Vigour and Activity in Support of Our dearest In- although in Fad there was a great Majority of legal terefts. Votes in Favour of the said William and John

Motteux, the said Robert Blake did declare the said Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections w Bonverie and Sir William Scott duly cleded, and and Returns, being offered to be presented to the hatli taken upon himself falsely and illegally to make a House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And Return of the said Edward Bouverie and Sir William the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions re-. Scott as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said lated (being all of them Petitions of the last Class men- Borough, to the great Prejudice of the tioned in the Kefolution of the House of Friday and that the Petitioners are ready and desirous to fub-last) were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn Mandate and prove their several Rights to vote at the

by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of William Wrightson, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses

said Election, and also to prove the Illegality of the several illegal Votes admitted for the said Edward BOliver ie and Sir William Scott: And therefore praying the House to take the Ptcmifes into Confederation, and to

grant

36 Geo. III. 10° — n° . 19

grant to the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Brktport A Petition of Thomas , Esquire, was read;

Election — Pe- Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Burg fles

Bar I " to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Dorset, which was proceeded to on the

26th Day of May 1796, George Barclay, Esquire, Charles Sturt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were the Three Candidates; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Charles Sturt, Esquire, had not such an Estate in Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Statute in that Behalf made and provided; and that the said Charles Sturt was not capable of being elected and returned, and the Votes given for the said Charles Sturt were.thrown away; and that Nicholas Bools and John Heunfell the Younger, Gentlemen, Bailiffs of the said Borough, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the said Charles Sturt before the said Election, and also at the Time of the said Election, by illegally rejeding the Votes of a great many Persons who offered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and who had a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as well by the general Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot, within the same, and by admitting upon the Poll many illegal Votes for the said Charles; and that, on calling up the Poll, there appeared a colourable Majority of Votes in Favour of the said Charles Sturt, and the said Charles Sturt was accordingly returned, whereas the Number of legal Votes for the Petitioner would have far exceeded the Number of those for the said Charles Sturt at the said Election, but for the Causes aforesaid, and the Petitioner was therefore duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and also, that the said Charles Sturt, by hirfifelf, or his Agents, or Agent, Was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and other illegal Practices, previous to the said Election, in order to procure a colourable Majority of Votes in Favour of him the said Charles Sturts at the Time of the said Election, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, in Violation of the Freedom of Election, and of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Con-lideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday,the 22d Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of The Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Vol. 52.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committef on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to supp:>!f r consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts or-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Merchandize Account of the Value of Brit ilk and Foreign Mer- imported and chandize Imported and Exported for the Half Years XI>°1K ending the 5th of July 1795, the 5th of January 1796, and the 5th of July 1796; distinguishing the several Articles which exceed in Value jf.10,000.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Permanent Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in the Quarters ending on the 5th of January, 311 I79°'

5th of April,5th of July, and 10th of October, in the Years 1795 and 1796, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D - previous Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes ,7 an' which subsisted previous to the 5th of January 1791, in the Years ending the 10th of October 1795 and 1796 respectively; adding thereto the Difference between '

the Produce of the Duties on Home-made Spirits in each Year respectively, and the Average Produ e thereof in Three Years ending the 5th of January 1795; and adding likewise the Amount of the Sums paid from the Revenue of Customs on Account of Bounties for Corn imported, or Bounties for railing Seamen.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, n° die;

Anno 36° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

f Aetano Tejlolini took the Oaths appointed, in order Teftoiinl to his Naturalization. sworn.

A Petition of Colonel William Fullarton, of Fullar- Airshire Eleo ton, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election of Members to serve Fullarton. in Parliament for the Shire of Air, in Scotland, the Petitioner and Hugh Montgomery, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the Election Meeting, great Partiality and Injustice were shewn by the Freeholders in the Interest of the said Hugh Montgomery in the Choice of Prcefes and Clerk, and a great many Persons were admitted to vote in such Choice who were legally incapacitated from voting; and that, on the making up of the Freeholders Roll at the said Meeting, a great many Freeholders in the Interest of the Petitioner were refused to be inrolled who were clearly entitled to be put upon the Roll, and who, if they had been inrolled, would have voted for the Petitioner, and several others were inrolled who had no Right; and that, upon the

Election,

;i

i;

20

I I

12° Oclobris.

A. 1796.

Time limited for receiving Petitions.

Report on Motion fof Supply.

Election, a great many legal Votes were rejected which were tendered for the Petitioner, and a great many illegal Votes were received in Favour of the said Hugh Montgomery, and that, by the Means aforesaid, and several other illegal Practices, the said Hugh Montgomery hath procured himself to be returned Member for the said Shire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- deration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 3d Day of February next.

not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dispofmon of Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 1796, have been disposed of , distinguished under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon TfiurJ'day last, as relates to

Kii\v,'scpcfrh respc£Vnvg the V'nemy's attorn oting a

the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of at- Dcicrnt, to be

1 „ r ° , conltfltrtd.

tempting a JDelcent on thete Kingdoms, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Paragraph of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech, which has now been read, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, rel'olve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee of Supply appointed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nentine ContradicenteThat this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimates, See.

ordered: Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garril'ons.

Ordnance.

Reduced

Officers.

Clirlfea Out-Fenlioners.

Services not provided for#

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1797, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1797, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1797, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1797, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1797, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1797, be

laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and

Mercurii, 12° dieQElobris \

Anno 36 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 17 96-Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Gaetano Tejlolini, was Teftotini's

read a Second Time. _ conumiL.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Callaway, Charles Tho- rnnterhniy

mas Marsh, John Minter, Stephen Couch man, John Mar- fiuonuf "

rable, Robert Hayes Leggett, John George Cul- Electors.

mur, Edward Goldfinch, Henry Kir kb v, George George Kirkby, Junior, Daniel Lorn ling, Thomas William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rouse, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas White, Thomas RJames El-wyu, George Barber, John Penfold, Richard Tho-

mas Rouse, John Cheavele, Robert Feu, John Hal bet,

James Homersham , Edward Homersham, Richard Dixon,

James Pratt, Richard Hambrook, Edward Ham brook,

William Hatcher, William Thornton, Mathers,

James Robertson, Henry Kemp, John Thomas

Salmon, JeJje White, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City of Canterbury, George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Baker, and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge, Esquires, were Candidates; and that,

before and during the said Election, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw'bridgewere, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Promises of Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts of Money, Presents, and Allowance of Meat, Drink, and other Entertainment,

and

9

36 Geo. III. i2° OBobris. 21

and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for them, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge , and that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices, the said Baker and Samuel Elias Sazubruize obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll for the said City, over the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, and the Returning Orficer of the said City hath returned the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw bridge as the Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw bridge are, by the corrupt and illegal Practices aforesaid, of themselves and their Agents, disabled and incapacitated upon the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said City, and the said Election of them, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw bridge, is void; and that the said Election and Return of the said Baker and Samuel Elias Saivbridge were and are contrary to Law, and highly injurious to the Petitioners, and the other legal Electors, of the said City, as well as to the other Candidates George Gipps and Sir John And

therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and declare the said Election and Return of the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge to be void, and grant to the Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises as‘ to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 29th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Memorandum:

In pursuance of several A efts made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cales, were sent to the Parties i accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr- Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said. Petition.

Wakefield A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names Road are thereunder subscribfed, in Behalf of themselves and

t»D. the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the (irft-mentioned Act, the Trustees thereby appointed were empowered to erect Turnpikes, and to collect certain Tolls and Duties for repairing the said Road; and, by the Two subsequent Acts, the Powers so given were enlaiged, and the Term granted by the said first-mentioned Act was further continued for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, so far as. relates to the said Road from IVakefield to Sheffield, and the several Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said Road, which is yet capable of further Improvement by sundry Alterations or Diverlions; but that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the Sum of £.5,700, borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which now remains due, be difi-charged, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties to be taken upon the said Road altered and increased:

Voi.. 52.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers granted by the said Acts of the Thirty-first \ear of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of I lis present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Lafcel/es, See.:

And they are to meet To-morrow-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Moore, Efc]uire, and Philip Tewkeflmry Francis, El'quire, was delivered in at the Table, and tion oTxtr read; Setting forth, Thar, at the late Election of Moore and Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Mr. Francis. Borough of Teivkesbury,in the County of G/ouceJier, the Petitioners, being Candidates, were eieCled by a great Majority of Persons qualified, by the Constitution of the Borough, to vote, and ought to have been, returned as the Representatives of the said Borough in this present Parliament, but that the Reverend Jo-

feph Robinson, Clerk, and Mr. IVBuckle, the Bai-. liffs of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officers, being particular Friends of James Martin, Esquire, and William Ef-

quire, the only other Candidate ^; conducted the Poll with such undilguised Partiality, as to manifest previous Combination and Predetermination against the Petitioners; and that, thus acting and confederating against the Petitioners, and aided by Whit-

comb, the private Election Agent of Mr. Martin, called in by the said Bailiffs as their Agent also, under the Appellation of Assessor, not bound by an Oath, or any other Check whatsoever, they the said Bailiffs admitted Votes in Favour of their, said Two Friends, which they ought to have rejected, and rejected Votes tendered in Favour of the Petitioners, which they ought to have admitted; and that, by such, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices of the said Returning Officers, and of the said James Martin and William Dowdeswell, Esquires, the said James Martin and William Dowdeswell, Esquires, procured themselves to be returned by the said Bailiffs, contrary to the Truth, in Defiance of the Laws requiring free and fair Election, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners protested against the Conduct of the said Bailiffs, and declaredly, with'a View to ascertain the Truth, and to avoid the Necessity of troubling the House with an Appeal, the Petitioners solemnly demanded a Scrutiny, while all Parties were present, and the public Records at Hand, as a certain Means of averting much Expence and Trouble, but the said Bailiffs positively refused it: And that the Petitioners, thus unwillingly driven to resort to the Justice of the House, humbly pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as they shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thin flay, - the 1 ft Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the.

Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

G Ordered,

3

(s

I-

!i

ii


1

A A

I2° — 13

QBobfis.

A. 1796.

Accounts of Exchequer Sills 6rd«td»

defef *

Teftolihi'f Nat. Bill re ported.

Inverkeithing Election — tition of Sir John Hender-lon *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-u dred and Ninety-six."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliamentj intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to rail'e the Sum of Two Millions Five Hun " dred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes " therein mentioned."

The Order of the Day being read;

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jWVj 13° diOBobrh\

Anno 36 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

Ti !€R. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom

XVJL. the Bill for naturalizing Gaetano Tjlolini, was committed 1 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir John Henderson, of Fardel, Baronet, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election held at Inverkeithing, on the aoth Day of June last, of a Representative or Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for the Class or Dif-trid of Boroughs, consisting of Inverkeithing, Dun-fermling, Cu/rofs, Queensferry, and Stirling, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, the Honourable Andrew Cochrane Johnstone, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that John Kiilchriji, Esquire, pretending to be a Commissioner, or Delegate, for the said Borough of Stirling, Patrick Geddes, Esquire, pretending to be a Commissioner, or Delegate, for the said Borough of Culrofs, and David fVilliamfon, Esquire, pretending to be a Commissioner, or Delegate, for the said Borough of Queens/erry, voted for the said Andrew Cochrane John-Jione, to be the Burgess to represent the said District of Boroughs in the present Parliament; and that

IVemyfs, Esquire, being a Commissioner, or Delegate, legally chosen for the said Borough of Dunferoding, and the Petitioner being a Commissioner,or Delegate, legally chosen for the said Borough of Inverkeithing, voted for the Petitioner to be the Burgdfs tb represent the said District of Boroughs in the present Parliament, anefc, the said Borough of Inverkeithing being the Returning or Presiding Borough, the Petitioner, as Delegate for the fame, gave his carting Vote for himself, in case there should appear to be an equal Number of legal Votes given at the said Election; and that David Black, the Returning Officer at the said Election, has thought proper to return the said Andrew Cochrane Johnstone as duly elected to be the Representative or Bur=-gefs to serve for the said District of Boroughs in the present Parliament; and that the Petitioner, nevertheless, conceives, and is advised, that he was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Commissioner, or Member, for the said Class or District of Boroughs, because the Elections of the said John Gi/christ, Patrick Geddes, and David Williamson, as Commissioners, or Delegates, for the respective Boroughs aforesaid, were all, and each of them, brought about by undue Means, made by unqualified Persons, were illegal, and contrary to the Statutes made and provided for regulating the Elections of Commissioners, or Delegates, to chuse Burgesses to represent the Boroughs of in the Parliament of Great Britain, and likewise contrary to the Statutes regulating the Choice of such Burgesses, and Otherwise informal and void, and because the Commissions, pretended to be given to the said Persons severally, were also illegal, informal, and essentially defective, and that the Majority of legal Votes at the said Election were in Favour of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take his Petition into their Consideration, to allow him to be heard by his Coun-fel thereon, and to grant to him such Relief in the Prc-mises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 6th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Trentand Navigation from the Trent to the Mwas presented &c. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue Petition, of Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and completed a navigable Canal from the River Trent, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, which conneds by W'ater the Ports of Hull and Liverpool, and the interior Parts of the

Kingdom; and that by another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners have completed another navigable Canal, from the Summit of the first-mentioned Canal, on the South Side of Hare castle, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to the Lime Works at Caldon, in the said County of,

which is called The Caldon Canal; and that, though the Petitioners are, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, empowered to supply the said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, by and out of such Brooks or Streams as may be found within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of any Part of it, and within the Distance of Five Miles from that Part of it lying in Harecastle Vale aforesaid, and to supply the said Caldon Canal with Water from such Brooks and Streams as are,

or

Answer to Address.

Teftolini's Nat. Bill passed.

Account of Merchandize Imported and Exported, preieated.

3 6 Ge6. III.

1$° — 140 Oftobris'.

n

or shall be, found within One thdufahd Yards of arty and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Part of it, they have avoided, as much as possible, the theif Order,

Diminution of the said Brooks or Streams', which, being An Account of the Value of and Foreign

appropriated to the Uses of Mills, artd other Works Merchandize Imported and Exported for the Half Years necessary for the Manufactories of the Country, could ending the 5th July 1795, the 5th 1796, and

not be effected without great Injury to such Works, the 5th July 1796; distinguishing the several Articles and the Petitioners have contented themselves With sup- which exceed in Value £. 10,000'. plying their said Canals with Water chiefly by Means And then he withdrew,

of Reservoirs, of which they have erected Fotir of con- And the Title of the said Account was read,

siderable Extent at great Expence; and that, the In- That the said Account do lie upon the

creale of Trade and Commerce having rendered farther Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Supplies of Water necessary, the Petitioners have caused , That such a Number of Copies of the said

Surveys of the Country to be taken, by which it appears Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use

that a Reservoir may conveniently be made in a Place called Rudyerd Vale, situate in the Parishes of Horton and Leek, in the said County of Stafford, about Five Miles North of the said Canal, called The Cal don Canal, and about Two Miles from the Town of Leek; and that, by Surveys also lately taken, it appears that a

of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred.atnongfl the othet Papers of this Session.

Mot *

A Petition of William and John bownton

Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting o"Tir Branch of Canal may be extended on one entire Level forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to fervfc Wriehtfon from a Part of the said Cana], called The Caldon Canal, in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, irt the County M

at or near Endon, to or near the said Town of Leek, of Wilts, the Petitioners, and the Honourable Edward e x‘ which will be of great Advantage to the said Town, and Bouverie, and Sir William Scott, Knight, were Candidates; the Public; and that the Petitioners are willing and de- and that the said Election came on, at Downton afore-firous, at their own Expence, to make and maintain such laid, on the 27th Day of May last, and a Poll being Reservoir and Branch of Canal, and are willing to be demanded, the same was taken before Robert; restrained from taking or aflecting any of the Brooks or Esquire, who acted as the Returning Officer for the Streams of the Country, but to be confined to Rain said Borough, under an Appointment as Deputy to Waters only, for filling the said Reservoir, for the Supply William Boucher, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor of the said Canals: And therefore praying. That Leave and Borough of Downton aforesaid; and that the said may be given to bring in a Bill for making and main- Robert Blake did, at the said Poll so taken by him, par-taining such Reservoir and Branch of Canal, with necef- tiaily, illegally, and wrongfully, reject several legal Votes, lary Aqueduds or Feeders, in such Manner, and under which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioners, and such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of the said seem meet. Edward Bouverie and Sir William Scott, and under Co-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the lour of a pretended Majority in Favour of the said Ed-Con side rat ion of a Committee: And that they do ward Bouverie and Sir William Scott, and although, in examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fad, there was a great Majority of legal Votes in Fa-shall appear to them, to the House: your of the Petitioners, the said did declare

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Egerton, See.: the said Edward Bouverie and Sir William Scott duly And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of elected, and hath taken upon himself, falsely and ille-the Clock,jin the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power gaily, to make a Return of the said Edward Bouverie

and Sir William Scott, as Buigeffes to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of November next, at the same Time that the Petition of William Wright Jon, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Cdn-sideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verieris, 140 OBobris;

Anno 36® Georgii III. M Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Gaetano,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Gaetano Tejlolini.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Eftinutes, Xtc. suant to their Address to His Majesty, pre ent;

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrifbns, and Quarts and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, ® and , from 25th December 1796 to 24th De~

The House being informed that Mr . Pearjon,from cember 1797, both inclufivtf, being 365 Days: And the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of also,

Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in forces in tb. Vox.. $z. the PUDUriw"'

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Difference between British and Irish Pay.

Troops in East India.

Recruiting for

D°.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

24 14° Ofitobris. ' 1796.

the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in lowances to the Non - c om m i fli on ed Officers and Private Corsica, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Men of the said Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Ca-Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1796 valry in Great Britain, for the Year 1797: And also, to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days: Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia, and Embodied

And also, of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Britain,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, Jersey, and the Islands of and Man, from

and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both in-in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year dufive, being 365 Days: And also,

1797. Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Contingen-

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in j£s,&c-for by His Majesty's Command, Great j and of certain Allowances to the Non-

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between commissioned Officers and Private Men thereof, for the the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Year 1797: And also.

Service Abroad, from 25th December 1796 to 24th Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embo- cloathing for December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And died Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1797: And the Mllltuu also, also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Fencible Ca-Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in Cavalry for Sendee in Great from 25 th December v:urj"

East India, for the Year 1797, being 365 Days: And 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 also, Days: And also, .

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, Estimate of the Charge of certain Allowances to the Allowances, and Nine Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the for for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain-, and in the East Indies, from 25th December 1796 to 24th the Charge of extra Feed for the said Corps, for the December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days: Aud Year 1797.

also. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contin- The said Estimates are as followeth; viz. gencies for His Majesty's Land Forces , of certain Al-

ESTIMATE

c

o

r

CM

g

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey} from (15th December 1796 to 24th December 1797,

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

<6 f Fit ft Regiment of Life Guards -5 < Second Ditto - -

E L Royal Regiment of Horst Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards -

Second Ditto ——

Third Ditto- ——

Major General Goldjwcrthy's Regiment of Dragoons rP \ The Earl of Eglintoune's ——

£ 1 Lord Southampton's -

I Lord Howard's - -

General Job fan's -

Major General David Dundas's - - - .

The Prince of Wales's - -

Field Marshal Hodgfen's - -

Sir James Steuart's ——

Lord Dorchester's ——

Lieutenant General Harccurt s - -

Major General De Lancey's - -

General Manners's ——

o

o

§p

on

13

j r First Regiment of Foot Guards o % < Coldjlrearn Ditto -

£ [ Third Ditto -

(Lord Gordon's Reg of Foot, First Battalion

Ma:,or General Coates's ——

Major General Ralph Dundas's - -

Major General Bertie's ——

General Grant's -

Lieutenant General /Anflies - -

Lieutenant General Powell's -

Lieutenant General Bruce's -

Major General Balfour's Regiment of Foot - -

Major General Bernard's ——

o

U-

Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, ( Non-commissioned i Odicers. and Private Men. Charge of the Cloth- ni; of Non-commis-fio -ed Officers and Private Men. f t: Agency. g Allowances to Cap- 1 tins, Paymasters, Sur-;eons, RidingM after , and Serjeants. TOT

295 _ 1 mmmm - - _ — , 25,695 18 8

— - — 25,427 12 —

537 - 36,284 — 10

1,125 ——

861 — 31,522 13 4 4,192 15 4 530 6 10 1,110 — — 37,355 15 6

693 — 25,803 17 4 S,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

693 — 25'8°3 17 4 3,371 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

6q3 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

693 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 _ 8 _ — 30,509 5 7

694 — 25,840 7 4 3,377 8 6 43 4 6 1 900 8 — 30,552 ? 11

693 — 25,803 17 4 3,371 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

693 — 25,893 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

693 — - .25,803 17 4 3,371 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 - — 30,509 S 7

93 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

693 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 0,509 5 7

'93 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

69 3 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 1 30,509 5 7

693 — 25,803 17 4 3,37i 1 9 433 18 6 900 8 — 30,509 5 7

53 2 — 21,215 19 4 2>549 8 4 347 10 8 690 16 — '24,803 14 4

- 532 — 21,215 19 4 2,549 8 4 347 10 8 690 16 — 24,803 14 4

50,935 - -

- 3.546 - — — — 79,456 6 2

- 2,215 - ' — — 49,973 8 8

- 2,215 - — — 50,028 3 8

— 7,976 - - - - m mm

1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3>295 4 9 297 13 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

- i,i58 — 17,213 xo 7 3,295 4 9 297 13 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

- 1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3,-95 4 9 297 13 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

- 1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3,295 4 9 297 13 6 899 >5 — 21,706 3 10

w — 17,213 10 7 3>295 4 9 297 13 6 899 J5 — 21,706 3 10

- 1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3,295 4 9 297 13 6 899 15 — 2.,706 3 10

- 1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3,295 4 9 297 13 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

- 1,158 — 17,213 10 7 3,295 4 9 297 13 6 899 5 — 21,706 3 10

- 1,160 — 17,556 4 9 3,295 4 9 300 14 4 899 15 — 22,051 18 10

- 1,158 i 17,213 10 7 3,295 4 9 2.97 13 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

Us>

on

O

w

o

87,407 ii 6

OT

r

483,627 I I

7 9»4S7 18 6

cm

estimate

CORPS.

Continued.

o

o

U4

Major General Crojlie's Lieutenant General Grenville's Lord George Lennox's Lord Cathcart's -

General Clark's -

General Fletcher's -

Lieutenant General Smith's Major General Craig's - -

General Maitland's - -

General Frederick's Lieutenant General Scott's General Morris's -Lieutenant General Mathew's Major General Gunning's Major General Frigge's Sir William Medows's Major General Mujgrave's Major General Marsh's Major General Norton's Major General Leigh's VLieutenant General Reid's

Fifty-four Independent Companies of Invalids Garrisons ——

Deduct,

One of the above-mentioned Regiments . of Light Dragoons, intended to be sent to the Fast Indies ——

Remains to be provided - -

Numbers. Pay or Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

r,t5» y 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 — 17,213 10 7

1,158 35.898 17,213 10 7

— 5,222 66,193 10 8

— 302 26,272 18 4

61,458 .035.527 4 5

— 693 25.803 7 4

— 60,765 1,009,723 7 1

War Office, 14th October 1796.

n

IV. IVindham.

Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Ofccers and Private Men.

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

3.295 4 9

13.446 ——

782 a 2

169,502 10 11

3.37 1 9

166,131 9 2

Agency. ' Allowances to Captains, Paymallers, Surgeons, Kicfing Matters, and Serji ants. T O T A L.

297 3 6 899 15 --- 21,706 3 IO -

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO *

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

297 3 6 899 5 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 10

297 3 6 899 15 — - 21,706 3 IO

297 3 6 899 15 — 21,706 3 IO

672,891 18 IO

1,300 5 6 4,980 — — - - 85.919 16- <2

— — 55 — — - " I IO 6

7.395 — 3 47,124 1 — - >536.4 4 6 7

433 18 6 900 8 — - - 3°.5°9 5 7

16,961 I 9 46,223 13 — - - £ .505.905 1 —

OS

4 '

O

o

or

5-

VO

Ov

O

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of Ills Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at , in , and the same of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

a

o

c

sp

CORPS.

Numbers.

(Sir Charles Grey's Regiment of Light Dragoons - -

Lieutenant General Lascelles's ——

General Craig s - -- --Sir Robert S toper's ——

Marquis of Drogheda's - -- -- --Lieutenant Colonel Beaumont's ——

Sir Robert Lawrie's -

Ix>rd Heathfield's ——

o

o

U *

V-

General /fo/Ps Regiment of Foot - -

General Morrison's ——

Major General Clarke's ——

Prince Edward's ——

Major General Fcx-'s ——

Major General Hotham's ——

Lieutenant General Garth's -

Major General Whyte's ——

Major General Stuart's ——

General Majfey's ——

Lord Mulgrave's ——

The Earl of Fc/i's ——

Major General Rooke's ——

Major General Balfour's ——

Sir George OJborn's ——

General Rainsfortfs ——

Lieutenant General Adtane's -

Lieutenant General Dalrymple's - -

Lieutenant General T'wyw's - - r - -

Major General Lake's - -

Lieutenant General Tottenham's - -

Major General Hulfe's ——

Lieutenant General Campbell's -

Sir David Lind say's ——

Royal American Regiment ——

The Earl of Balcarres's ——

Major General Z><? Burgh's ——

General Brown's ——

Major General Cuyler's ——

Lieutenant General Gordon's -

Sir Robert Abercromby's

Lieutenant Colonel Cameron's -

Lieutenant General Hyde's Regiment of Foot Major General Hamilton's - -

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private M % n.

334

5f9 532 532 532 532 5'9 532

1.160

1.158 1.C.58

1.158

1.158

1.160

1.160

1.158

1.158

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

4,637

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.158

1.158

1.160

1.158

1.158

3,698

17,286

20.434

21.215

21.215

21.215

21.215

20.434

21.215

16 11

>9 19 19

9 11

9

2

7

4

4

4

4

7

4

27.556

17.213

27.213

27,384

17.213

27.556 27>556

17.213

2 213

27.556

17.556

27.556

27.556 »7,556 27>556

27.556 »7,556

17.556

27.556 »7,556

27.556 »7,556

27.556 7,556 69,779

17.556

17.556

17.556 »7,556 7,213 7.213 7,556 7,213 7,2 3

4

10

10

17

10

4

4 10 10 4' 4 . 4 .4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 8

9

7

7

8

7

9

9

7

7

9

9

9

9

9

9

4

4

4

4

10

10

4

10

10

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

7

9

9

9

9

7

7

9

7

7

1,644

2.496

2.549

2.549

2.549

2.549

2.496

2.549

8

10

8

8

8

8

10

8

3 295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

13,180

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

3.295

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

.4

4

4

4

4

4

19 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

4

4

4

4

l

4

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

Agency.

253 340 11

347 0 347 P 347 0 347 ° 340 ii

347 °

Allowances jo Cap 1 tains, Paymaders, Surgeons, Ruling Mailers, and Serjeants.

300 14

297 13 297 3

299 3 297 13

300 14 300 14 297 3 297 13 300 14 300 4 300 14 300 14

300 4 100 14 3°o 14

300 14 300 14

3°° '4

300 14

3°0 4 300 4 3°° 4 300 14 1,198 18 300 14 300 14 300 14 300 14 297 3 297 »3 300 14 297 3 297 3

4 6 6 11 6 4 4 6 6 4 4 4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

3

4 4 4 4 6 6

4

6

6

427 16 —

603 16 — 690 16 — 690 16 — 690 16 — -690 16 — 603 16 — 690 16 —

899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 —

899 5 —

899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 —

899 5 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 -899 15. — 899 15 -899 15 -

3,599 ——

899 15 -899 i5 -

899 15 -899 15 -

899 5 -

8 99 5 ~

8V9 15 -899 5 -

899 5 -

TOTAL.

13.875 10

14.803 14

14.803 14

24.803 14

24.803 14

13.875 lO

14.803 14

15,612 11 3

22,05 *

21.706

21.706 21,879

21.706

22.051

22.051

21.706

21.706 22,05 *

22.051

22.051

22.051

22.051

22.051

22.051

22.051 22/551

22.051

22.051

22.051

22.051 22,05 ‘

22.051 87>758 22,051 22,051 22,051 22,051 21,706 21,706 22,051 21,706 21,706

18

3

3

1

3

18

18

3

3

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

5

18

18

18

10

10

IQ

4

10

10

IO

IO

10

10

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

IO

10

10

10

IO

IO

18

3

3

18

3

3

IO-

IO

10

‘io

IO

171,769 II 10

o

cr

a-

CORPS.

D

(Q

r — h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

w

GO

H

►-H

H

W

Continued.

o

o

(x<

Major General Gris - -

! Colonel Doyle's -

.Colonel Campbell's - -

' Major General Francis

I Major General Sims Corps -

GARRISONS,

£ .

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint and Placentia

in Newfoundland, and <SW»/ John's Island -Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago -Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and Corjica, and at the Cape of Good Hope ——

Officers of the Hospitals, serving in North America, the West Indies, and Corftca - -

GIBRALTAR.

Lieutenant General Prescott's Regiment of Foot - -

Sir John D ailing's ——

Sir He Star Munro's ——

Colonel Graham's ——

Royal Garrison Battalion ——

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, Sec. - -

CORSICA.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, Second Battalion - -

-Sir James Pulteney's -

Sir Thomas Spencer WiJon's -

Lieutenant General Martin's -

The Marquis of Huntley's e ----- __.

NEW SOUTH WALES.

Lieutenant Colonel Grofe' % Corps - -

Total - -

Deduifl,

To be paid by the Island of Jamaica,

For Sir Charles Grey's Regiment of Light Dragoons For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot, according to the late Peace Establishment

Remains to be provided - - - - j

War Office,

14th O Hub 1796.

1.158

1.158

1.158

1.158

i, 101

1.158

1.158

1.158

1.158

1.158

umbers. Non-commissio; cd Officers, and Private Men.

1 — 17,213 10 7

! — 17,213 10 7

I — 17,213 10 7

I — I7,2!3 10 7

2 — 47>96J 5>237 4 5 1 — _

mmm

1 mmm —

" — —

_ 17,213 IO 7

— 17,213 IO 7

— 17,213 IO 7

— 17,213 10 7

- 5>733 I4»93° 9 11

mm 00 c HH ON VO

— 17,213 10 7

— 17 213 10 7

— 17,213 10 7

5>79° 17,213 xo 7

709 10,171 3 5

64,227 1,060,332 18 4

MM _ f

64,227 m _

TV, TV in db am *

Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Oncers and Private Men.

3>295 4 9

3>295 4 9 3»295 4 9

3>295 4 9

i,iao 18 8

3>295 4 9

3»295 4 9

3»295 4 9

3»295 4 9

3,028 8 3

3>295 4 9

3»295 4 9

3>295 4 9

3>295 4 9

3,295 4 9

1,970 12 2

190,266 6 6

Agency. Allowances toC«ip tains, Paymasters Sur- jeons, Riding Matters, and Serjeants. 1 _ to T A L.

297 13 6 297 13 6 297 13 6 297 13 6 76 12 6 m 899 15 — ‘ 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 J5 ~ 37 5 — 21.706 3 10 21.706 3 10 21.706 3 10 21.706 3 10 6,806 — 7 906,164 5 9 ' 6,300 18 4

— — — — " 2,725 13 3

— — — — — ' — 71,806 IO 3

— - 29,017 10 —

297 13 6i 297 136 297 13 6 297 13 6 256 6 2 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 — 823 5 — 21.706 3 10 21.706 3 10 21,70 6 3 10 21.706 3 10 19,038 9 4 105,863 4 8 3,554 13 4

295 10 11 297 11 6 297 13 6 297 13 6 297 3 6 194 5 3 899 15 — 899 15 — 899 15 899 15 — 899 15 — 6S4 12 6 21,464 3 4 21.706 3 10 21.706 3- 10 21.706 3 10 21.706 3 10 108,288 18 8 13,020 13 4

18,164 — 2 51,956 — 6 — — 1,434,124 10 8

— — — — 15,612 11 3 7,280 - - £ 22,892 11 3 1,411,231 19 5

OO

140 OBo

36 Geo. III.

14° ORo

29

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the

Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and JerJty, for the Year 1797.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and ferfey, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both > 94,195 14 —

inclusive, being 365 Days ----- ----- i — —

War Office,

14th ORober ij96.

/F. Windham.

r

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot,

for Service Abroad, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 36$ Days.

One Regiment offoot: 1

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and

Private Men - - - - -- - - -- 719 10,795 9 8 -

Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and

Private Men - -- - - ----- -- — - 2,036 18 10

Agency - - - -- — 210

Allowances to Captains> Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants — y32

In all for One Regiment - - - - 719 ,3>774 8 6

Five Regiments of Foot more of like Numbers and

Charge - - - 3>59S 68,872 2 6

Total - - - X - 82,64611 —

Dedud, ♦

To be paid by Ireland, on Account of the above Regiments - - - - -- 42,55° 13

Remains to be provided ----- 4>3 4 - - £ 40,096 9 9

War Office, 14th ORober 1796.

W. Windh

VOL. J2,

I ESTIMATE

jo

140 OBo.

A. 1796.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for

Service in East India, for the Year 1797, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both incJufive:

Pay ——

Clothing ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Matters ——

Major General Gwyn's ——

Major General Blatbwayte's ——

Lieutenant General Pill on's Regiment of Foot:

Pay -

Clothing ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants ——

General Grime's - - - - the fame

Marquis of Cornwallis's - - the fame

Lieutenant General St John's the same General Trapani's . - - - the fame

Sir Adam Williamjcn s - - the fame

Lieutenant General O'Hara's the same Colonel Mackenzie's - - - the fame

Major General St. Leg - the fame

Add,

The Charge of One Regiment more of Light Dragoons, intended to be lent to the East , of the like Numbers as the Regiments above-mentioned ——

T otal -

War Office, 14th October 1796.

Numbers.

519

5 9

5 9

1,146

1.146

1.146

1.146

1.146

1.146

1.146

1.146

1.146

>557

10,314

11,871

5i9

12,390

Charge for 365 Days.

14,029 2 3

2,808 3 11

283 2 7

OS 0 u> l6 —

>7 724 4 9

>7,724 4 9

>7,724 4 9

16,700 >5 8

3,241 6 6

00 5 7

861 10 —

21,066 >7 9

21,086 17 9

21,086 >7 9

21,086 >7 9

21,086 >7 9

2!,086 >7 9

21,086 17 9

21,086 >7 9

21,086 >7 9

S3> 17- >4 3

189,781 19 9

142,954 14 —

>7,724 4 9

260,678 r8 9

W. Windham.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, ct An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops few, or to be sent to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum 'the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Four Recruiting Troops, and Nine Recruiting Companies, remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose, the Sum o(£. 13,335. 18r. which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

2 ESTIMATE

3 6 Geo. III.

14° OBo

3i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Nine Companies of Foot, llatibned in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East , from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, One Troop:

Pay ——

Clothing ——

Agency -

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Mailer - -

Major General Major General

Lieutenant General PiBon's Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay

Clothing

Agency Allowance to the Captain

General Graeme's - - - - the lame

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - the fame

Lieutenant General St. John's the same General Trapaud's - - - the fame

Sir Adam Williamson's - - - the fame

Lieutenant General O'Hara's the same Colonel Mackenzie's - - - the same

Major General St. Lexer's - the fame

Add,

The Charge of One Troop more, of the like Numbers as the Troops above-mentioned, belonging to a Regiment of Light Dragoons, intended to be sent to the East Indies ——

Total -

War Office, 14th October 1796.

Numbers.

4

14

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

42

2l6

258

272

Charge for 365 Days.

1,178 — I

84 7 8

32 14

62 — —

i>357 1 9

L357 9

1.357 1 9

695 4 11

128 8 10

16 13 7

38 5 —

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

878 12 4

4.071 5 3

7,907 11 —

11,978 16 3

L357 1 9

13.335 18 —

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1797.

Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Forces, upon Account - -

Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, upon Account ——

Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account - -

Total

War Office, 14th October 1796.

W. Windham.

170.000 — —

150.000 -

40,000 ——

360,000 — —

VOL. 52.

ESTIMATE

4

i4° OBobris.

A. 1796.

December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days. ___________________________________

Bedford - - - *

Royal Buckinghamshire Cambridge -

Chester - -

Cornwall -

Cumberland -

Derby -

Devon - -

Ztor/f/ - -

Durham -

m - -

Gloucester -

Hereford - - - *

Herts -

Huntingdon -

Kent -

Lancaster - -

Leicester - -

Lincoln

London - -

Middlesex - -

Monmouth and Brecon Norfolk - -

Northampton -

Northumberland - -

Nottingham -

Oxford - -

Rutland - -

«SWc/> - -

Stafford - -

' Somerset - -

Southampton -

Suffolk - - -Surrey -

67# -

arwick - -

Westmoreland -

Worcester - -

2V£, West Riding -North Riding

East Riding

Anglesea -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen

Carnarvon

Denbigh

Flint -

Glamorgan

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Pembroke -

Radnor

Colonel Montgomerie's Earl of Breadalbane's Marquis of Lord's -Duke of Gordons

FENCIBLE INFANTRY.

Reg' of Foible Men - Colonel Wemyfs s.

Carried forward - - .

4,684

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers Charge for 365 Days.

I 619 _ 9,813 2 6

I 739 — 1 1,691 IO 1

I 933 — 13,638 3 5

I 627 — 9,886 2 6

I 827 — 12,543 3 5

I 911 — I4.'55 3 1

I 380 — 5 924 7 11

I 744 — 11 737 2 7

3 2.355 — 36,757 6 6

1 955 — 13 863 5 1

1 476 — 7 35° 7 8

2 1,502 — 22,327 5 —

2 1,292 — 20,765 7 7

1 715 — 10,810 15 10

1 795 — 12,226 16 9

1 460 — 7,192 3 9

2 1 524 — 23,207 19 3

1 937 — 13 699 — 1

1 75i — 11,163 12 6

2 i 434 — 22,957 3 6

2 1 430 — 22,884 3 6

3 1,903 — 29,895 12 6

1 563 — 8,348 6 6

2 1,150 — 18,574 11 8

1 761 — 11,904 8 5

1 893 - 13 273 3 5

1 575 9 287 5 10

1 734 — 1.1,284 12 2

1 45 — 2,340 5 5

1 1,008 — 14,607 6 3

1 795 — 12,226 16 9

1 991 — 14,847 7 8

3 1 425 — 22,361 18 9

2 1,278 ~ 20,015 II .8

1 947 — 14,421 11 —

1 947 14,421 II —

1 9 1 — 4 155 3 1

1 287 4,665 16 7

1 i 378 — 18,828 5 5

800 — 11,923 7 1

2 1,478 — 23'3 83 — 2

1 1,017 ,5»r?7 3 .1

1 612 9,728 18 5

189 — 2 784 7 1

1 45 — 2,340 5 5

1 238 — 3 774 16 1 ]

1 163 — - 2,516 13 9

1 498 — 7 563 5 5

1 216 3,561 18 /

1 430 6,888 — 5

1 T 45 2 340 5 5

Jl 502 _ A — 7 940 14 2

I89 2 784 7 1

1 H5 43 864 2,340 5 5

43»864

12.060 18

19 885 II

12.060 23 879

12.060

12.060

18

16

18

18

92,009

total.

675,101 15

675 01 15 —

3# Geo. III.

140 OBob

33

Brought forward - -

Earl of Hopetoun's Regirtient of Fencible Men - -

Sir John Sinclair's, ift Battalion ——

Lord Grey de Wilton's ——

Colonel Courtenay's ——

Colonel Campbell's ——

Colonel Macdonell's ——

Colonel Forfter's ——

Colonel Robinson's ——

Colonel Blake's ——

Colonel O'Connor's ——

Colonel Price's ——

Sir Robert Stuart's ——

Colonel Hand cock's ——

Duke of Athol's Corps ——

Colonel Balfour's Ditto - -- -- - -Major Frajer's Ditto ——

Captain Mackenzie's Ditto ——

Captain Gudgeon's Ditto ——

Total

War Office, 14th 0Sober 17 96 *

Numbers. Charge for. 365 Days.

> 4,684 43,864 92,009 2 5

589 — 12,060 18 7

589 — 12,060 18 7

1,110 — 19,395 15 2

589 — 12,060 18 7

589 — x 2,060 18 7

589 — 12,060 i 8 7

589 — 12,060 18 7

589 — 12,060 18 7

589 — 12,060 x8 7

589 — 12,060 18 7

589 — - 12,660 18 7

589 '12,060 18 7

589 — - 12,668 18 7

340 — 5,965 15 1

337 — 5,968 12 9

73 ' — ' 3,041 10 8

136 2,441 — 9

no 13,95s 1,786 8 8

- 57,822

TOTAL.

675 101 15

-75>339 8 6

95°>44i 3 6

TT. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men thereof for the Year 1797.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, upon Account -

Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of Ditto, upon Account -

c

War Office, 14th October 1796.

40,000 —

170,000 — —

310,000 —

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1797.

Numbers.

Sate.

1,953 Serjeants -1,189 Drummers 38,888 Rank and File

War Office, 14th October 1796.

Charge.

h " £ S' 4 7- - - - 11,189 1 3

- - — 5- 3,591 15 5

- 2. 10. S' 58,030 3 4

Total - - 112,811 — —

W. Windham.

Vol. 52.

K

ESTIMATE

34

140 ORo

A. 1796,

ESTIMATE of the Change of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great from

25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Frrft Regiment of Fencible Cavalry Ancient British - Ditto -

Berkshire Cambridge -Cinque Ports Cornwall -Durham Essex - -Hampshire -Lancashire -Norfolk-Oxford - -Pembroke -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto -

Corps -

Princess Royal's own Regiment Romney - - - - Ditto

Rutland - - - Ditto

Somerset - - - Ditto

Surrey - - - - Ditto

Sussex - - - - Ditto

Warwick - - - Ditto -

Air - - - Ditto

Berwickshire - - Ditto Dumfriesshire - - Ditto

East and West Lothian Ditto Fifeshire - - - Corps -

Lanark and Dunbarton Regiment Mid Lothian - - Ditto Perthshire - - - Ditto

Roxburgh - . Ditto;

War Office, 14th ORober 1796.

Numbers.

Charge for 365 Days.

- m - 292 14,043 JO a

" 292 14,043 10 4

m " 292 14,043 10 a

a 292 14 543 10 2

m " — 292 14,043 10 2

* m - 292 14,043 10 2

« # " " 292 14,043 10 2

" 292 14,043 10 2

" - 292 14,043 JO 2

" " 292 14,043 10 2

« " 292 14,043 10 2

" 292 1 14.043 10 2

195 9,279 14 10

" 292 14,043 JO 2

— 292 14,043 IO 2

m 292 14,043 JO 2

" 292 I4«043 IO 2

" * 2 2 14,043 IO 2

a " 292 j 14,043 IO 2

®' m 292 1 14,043 IO 2

* 292 I 14,043 IO 2

" m 292 I 14,043 IO 2

m 292 / 14,043 IO 2

" 292 I r4>043 IO 2

ft 9S ] 9,279 J4 IO

292 I 14,043 IO 2

m J 292 I 14,043 IO 2

* m " m W 292 I 14,043 IO 2

» 1 292 14,043 IO 2

Total - 8,274 t ' 397,734 4 2

W. Windham.

' 1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, for the Year 1797.

Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, in Great Britain, upon Account For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the said Corps, upon Account -

35.000

60.000

£. 95.000 ——

War Office, 14th October 1796.

W. Windham:

Ordered,

36 Geo. III.

14 — 17

OBobris.

35

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie 'tipon the Day of the same Month, the Petitioner went to the said

East India Company's

Revenue

Accounts

ordered *

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

Ordered, That there be laid -before this House, the Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, and other Statements, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, as directed in the Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

Borough, and, in Company with several of the principal Inhabitants began a Canvass and the next Day attended a Court held to elect the High Steward, ana publicly declared his Intention of offering himtelf as a Candidate to represent the said Borough in Parliament J and that the Petitioner continued, from that Day, to make his Intention generally known both by continu *

continuing in the East India Company, for a fur- ing his Canvass, and by distributing Hand Bills exp rest n ~ r- -- five of such his Intention and that such his Intention

was public and notorious; and that on the said Day of Election the Petitioner attended at the Hour appointed by the Proclamation, accompanied by his Friends, and a very large Majority of the Burgesses of the said Bo- tough, but that the Door of the Court House, whereifl

ther Term, the , Possession of the Territories in

India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justrce within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits

of the said Company; and for making Provision for the Elections for 'Members of Parliament were usually

the good Order and Government of the Towns of " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the iffc of March 1795 to the ift of March 1796. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

held, was locked; and that soon after the High Steward of the said Borough, attended by the Alderman and Capital Buigeffes of the said Borough, and by the Agent of the Sitting Members, neither of whom were personally present on that Occasion, came to the said Court House, with a Number oftConstables, or Persons aftingas such, when the Door was opened, and the said High Steward,

Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East and a Number of Persons, apparently of his Party, took India Company's Sales, from the ill of March 179510 Possession of the Hustings; and that the Petitioner the 1 ft of March 1796. however procured Admittance for himself, and, declar-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ing himself a Candidate to represent the fiajd Borough, Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India demanded that his Agent and Friends might also have Company's Goods from March 1795 to March 1796, Access to him, which Demand was ref u fed by the said the Charges and Profit on Private Trade, &c. and the High Steward, who proceeded to road the Precept, and Expences of Culloms, Freight, See. and other Charges, other public Aftsand Instruments, and after administer-paid -thereout, compared with the Average Estimate of ing to the Returning Officer the usual Oath, produced Receipts and Payments, as formed by a Committee of a Card from his Pocket, and addressing himself to the

Accounts in February 1793.

The Order of she Day being read;

Com-nl e« of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the 8uP? y whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Alderman, who is Returning Officer to the said Borough, said to him, You propole Samuel Smith, Esquire, and Peter Isaac I'helluJJon, Esquire," to which the said Al-

derman made Answer, " Yes," but, on being told to repeat the Names, he did accordingly repeat the fame, and feme People around him cried out, " We be all alike," or to that Effect, but no one even seconded the Nomination; and that the Petitioner was, at the same Time, also proposed by William Fry, one of the Assistant

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they Burgesses of the said Borough, and that the Motion was had come to several Resolutionsj which they had di- seconded by Sharp, who was also an Assistant

rested him to report, when the House will please to Burgess of the said Borough, and the Petitioner then receive the same. addressed himself to the Returning Officer, demanding

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday a Poll to take the Votes of the Peflfons having Right to Morning next. vote for Members of Parliament for the said Borough,

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was and that a Poll was also called for, generally, by many Birested by the Committee to move, that they may of the Burgesses of the said Borough then in Court j an have Leave to fit again. that no Attention was paid by the Returning Officer to

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- the Demand of the Petitioner, nor to the Demands of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole said Burgesses, and that thereupon the Petitioner pro-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His tested against the Legality of the Proceeding at the said

Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunesf 170 die 0 Bohr is; Anno 36® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

Malmeftwry Election-tition ValEar.

Election, when Francis Hill, of Malmesbury, the avowed Agent of the Sitting Members, declared that, as the Petitioner seemed to think the Poll was not fairly taken, it should be taken again, on which the High Steward's Clerk went amongst the Capital Burgesses with the Names in his Hand, and endeavoured to make feme of them repeat the Names after him, but returned almost instantly to the High Steward j and that the said High Steward thereupon made Proclamation (amidst a general Call for a Poll) and dissolved the Court; and that the said Returning Officer refused or neglected to take the Poll as demanded, and, without Regard to the Remonstrances of the Petitioner, and of many of tire legal Voters of the said Borough, declared the said Samuel

eftury A Petition of James John Vajfar, Esquire, was de- Smith and Peter Isaac Fheliujfon duly elected, and ffiortly oTmt' livered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, after the High Steward and his Party left the Court;

That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the late Election and that the Borough of Malmesbury is an ancient Bo — , fbrthe Borough of Malmesbury,in the County of Wilts, rough, and from Time immemorial, or from a very early together with Samuel Smith, and Peter Isaac ThelluJJim, Period, hath sent Members to Parliament; and that the Esquires, and that due Notice was given that the Elec- Inhabitants of the said Borough have, from Time im-tion would -be at Eleven of the Clock on Friday, the memorial, or by divers ancient Charters, been incorpo- 27th Day -of Afoy last j and that on Monday, the 23d rated by the Name of the Alderman and Burgesses of Vol. 5 . the

Malmesbury Election — Petition of Burgelics.

3 6

17° OBobris.

A, 1796.

the Borough of Malmesbury, and that the Right of

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in all the Members of the said Corporate Body, or in the Burgesses of the said Borough, and not in the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough only, nor in any fele& Body of the said Corporation; and that a large

bers were unduly returned as Representatives for the said Borough, and that the said James John Vwas duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House will order the Return for the said Borough tobe amended, and the Name of the said James John Fajjar to be inserted in the Place of the Sit-

Majority of the Burgesses of the said Borough and Cor- ting Members, or to grant to the Petitioners such other

poration tendered their Votes, and demanded a Poll, in Favour of the Petitioner, and, on the Refusal of the Returning Officer to receive the said Votes, did afterwards voluntarily offer themselves to poll, and did poll for the Petitioner, that Forty of the said Burgesses, polled for the Petitioner, and that the Agent of the other Candidates, and the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, had full Notice of such Polling, but declined tendering their Votes, and refused to acknowledge or admit the Right of any but the Capital Burgesses; and that the Petitioner, being denied a Poll, had not an Opportunity of calling on the said Capital Burgesses to take the Oath against Bribery, which he verily believes they would not have done, and that the Petitioner is prepared to prove to the House the Existence of a corrupt Compact between the said Capital Burgesses and the said High

Redress as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confido-ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Steward, which operated to the manifest Injury of the shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Petitioner, and grossly and directly violated the Laws the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, made and provided to secure the Freedom of Election;

and that the Petitioner conceives the Sitting Members Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom were unduly returned for the said Borough, and that the the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Na-Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been re- vigation from the Trent to the y, was referred; That turned: And therefore praying the House will order the the Committee had examined, and found that the Return for the said Borough to be amended, and the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Name of the Petitioner to be inserted in the Place of Bills and Reservoirs, had been complied with; and that

Trent and Mcricy Canal Keft-rvoir, &c Petition, reported.

the Sitting Members, or to grant to the Petitioner such other Redress as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday,the ill Day of November next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed,theAssistant Bur-

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, gestes, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, Reign of His present Majesty, for making and main-was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting taining a navigable Canal from the River Trent, in the forth, That the Borough of Malmesbury is an ancient County of , to the River Mersey, in the County Borough, and from Time immemorial, or from a very of Chester; And also another Act, passed in the Six-eady Period, hath sent Members to Parliament; and teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to enable that certain of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from qualified in like Manner as the Petitioners, have, from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable Canal Time immemorial, or by divers ancient Charters, been from the said Navigation on the South Side of I lure-incorporated by the Name of The Alderman and Bur- castle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall; and a gefi'es of the Borough of Malmesbury: That the Right Railway from thence to or near Cal Jon, in the said of Eledion of Members to serve in Parliament for the County, were read: And,

said Borough is in all the Members of the said Corporate Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said. That al-Body, or in the Burgesses of the said Borough, and not though the said Company are by the said AS. of the Sixth in the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough only, nor in Year of His present Majesty empowered to l'upply the any select Body of the said Corporation; and that, said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, by and out of agreeably to the Proclamation made for the Purpose of such Brooks or Streams as may be found within the Dif-returning two Members to serve in Parliament, the Peti- tance of Five hundred Yards of any Part of it, and tioners attended on the 27th Day of May last, in order within the Distance of Five Miles from, that Part of it to give their Votes for James John Vajjar, Esquire, who lying in Harecajllc Vale, and to supply the said was declared a Candidate, and regularly put in Nomi- Canal with Water from such Brooks and Streams as are or nation, by William Fry and William Sharp, Two of the shall be found within One thousand Yards of any Part aforesaid Burgeiles of the said Corporation, when many of it, they have avoided as much as possible the Dimi-of the Petitioners demanded a Poll, and tendered their nution of the said Brooks and Streams, which being ap-Votcs to the Returning Officer, in Favour of the said propriated to the Uses of Mills, and other Works neces-James John Vaffar; and that the Returning Officer ille- faryforthe Manufactories of the Country, could not be gaily and unjustifiably refused to receive the Votes of effected without great Injury to fuel: Works; and the said the Petitioners, and others, in Favour of the said James Company havecontented themselves with supplying their John Vaffar, and proceeded, without taking a Poll, to re- said Canals with Water, chiefly by Means of Reservoirs,

' turn the Sitting Members, who were not present at the . of which they have erected Four of coallderable Extent, \ said Election, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners at great Expence.

and of the said James John Vaffar, and in Violation of That the Increase of Trade and Commerce having ren-

the Laws made and provided to secure the Freedom of dered farther Supplies of Water necessary, the said Com-Election; and that the Petitioners were in consequence panyhavecaufed Surveys of the Country tobe taken; by' compelled to vote, and many of them did vote, for the which it appears that a Reservoir may be conveniently said James John Vaffar, before William Edoe, who took made in a Place called , situate in the Pa-

' down, and entered regularly, their said Votes; and that rishes of Horton and in the said County of

the Petitioners humbly conceive, that the SittingMem- ford, about Five Miles North of the said Canal, called

1 The

3 6 Geo. III.

The Caldon Canal, and about Two Miles from the Town of Leek, in the said County; and that by Surveys also lately taken, it appears that a Branch of Canal may be extended on One entire Level from a Part of the said Canal, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the said Town of Leek, which will be of great Advantage to the said Town and the Public.

And being further examined, he said, That the said Company are willing and delirous, at their own Expence, to make and maintain such Reservoir and Branch of Canal, and are willing to be restrained from taking or affecting any of the Brooks or Streams from the Country, but to be confined to Rain Waters only, for filling the said Reservoir, for the Supply of the said Canals: Then,

IVilHamCrofs being examined, laid. That he is a Surveyor, and has lurveyed the Country from the said Place, called RuJyerd Vale, to or near the Town of Leek, and also from the Caldon Canal at or near Endon to or near the said Town of Leek; and that it is practicable to make a Reservoir in the said Place, called Vale, with a

Feeder therefrom to or near the said Town of Leek; and that a Branch of Canal is also practicable to be made from the Caldon Canal at or near Endon to or near the said Town of Leek; and that the making and maintaining the fame, will be of great Advantage to the said Town of Leek, and the Places adjacent thereto, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en-‘ able the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey,to niake a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their laid Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water: And

ABSTRACT of an Account of the Net Produce

37

that Mr. Egerton, General Egerton, and the Earl Gower Sutherland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Account Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Preitnted. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent permanent Taxes in the Quarters ending the 5th of January, 5th J"K95 of April, 5th oi July, and 10th of in the Years au ,/V *

1795 and 1796, respectively: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Exchequer made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven liundred and Ninety-six :" And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, D». made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-six :" And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, D . made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five " Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The First of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and an Ab-strad thereof, and the others of the said Accounts, are as followeth; viz

of all the Permanent Taxes, in the Years ending the 10th ai October 1795 and 1796 respectively.

170 OBobris.

In the Year ending 10th October 1795. In the Year ending loth October 1796.

Total of Customs - -- -- - - -- 3>!57>645 11 4 £. s. d. 3,232,345 17 if

of Excise ----- ----- -- 7,166,635 11 6,461,608 10

of Stamps - -- 1,207,551 12 7 1,212,669 7 6

of Incidents - -- 1,821,740 15 8{ 1,891,703 19 nf

of Duties, 1791 ----- ----- 699»954 H 9 s 615,099 6 3

of Duties, 1794 - -- - 596,648 15 3'- 500,802 1 3

of Duties, 1795 - 1,015,696 10 11 1,372,366 18 10

of Duties, r 796 - -- - 15,66 8 73 12 si 15,286,596 1 6f 2l5>772lS

Exchequer, the

17th Day of October 1796.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six."

No Exchequer Bills have been made out pursuant to the above-recited Act of Parliament.

Exchequer,

17th Day of October 1796.

Vol. 52.

James Fisher.

L

To

S

1

3«

17° — i 8° Oftobris.

A. 1796.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the luff Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six."

No Exchequer Bills have been made out pursuant to the above-recited Act of Parliament.

Exchequer,

17th Day of O 1796.

James

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five " Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

17 th Day of 1796.

James Fisher.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Report Sup- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the p'y- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow -eth; viz.

Stamen. Refohed, That it is the Opinion of- this Committee, That One hundred and Twenty Thousand Men be cm-. ployed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand

Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, including Twenty Thousand Marines, sum for Sea- Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, irwn. That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per

Month, be allowed for maintaining the said One hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Committee of Refohed, That this House will, Upon Wednesday ways mid Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, . That this House will, upon Supply de-

Morping next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant A have Ixave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a P>ill for Quaker Re-the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to Kill or the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-Payment of Tythes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cales: And that Mr. Serjeant Adair and Mr. Abbot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, 'Fen of the Clock.

Mart is t i8° dieOSlobris;

Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR. Eger ion presented to the House, according to TVnrand Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mcrjcy, to ,.u. iwi pre-make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a (main luutJ‘

Branch

1C

3<5 Geo. IIT.

i 8° O&o.

3 9

BofOugli of

Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldoti Ca- others, being lawful Electors of the nal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, chester, in the County of was read; Setting

in the County of and alto a Reilnroir for supply- forth, That, by an Act: of Parliament, made and

ing the said Canals with Water: And the same was re- passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

Election Petitions delivered in.

Carlisle Election — Petition of Sir Janus Graham and Mr. Knubley.

Carli/le Election-Petition of Electors.

Colchester Elea ion — Petition of Eieckrs.

ceived; and read the Firff; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections, and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the

Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the la;t Ciafs mentioned in the Resolution of the House of the 7th Day of this Instant October) were put into the Gials at the Table, and drawn, by the Clerk, in the following Order:

A Petition of Sir James Graham, Baronet, and Edward Knubley, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Carlisle, thaPetitioners, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, Baronet, and John Christian Cur wen, Esquire, were Candidates to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that the Mayor of the said City, who acted as Returning Officer at the said Election, admitted to voie, for the said Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane and John Christian Curzven, several Persons who had no legal Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, and by so doing gave to the said Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane and John Christian Curwen a considerable Majority upon the Poll, and unduly returned the said S:r Frederick Fletcher Vane and John Christian Curzven, to lerve in Parliament for the said City, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who had, and now have, on the Poll, a great Majority of legal Votes: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 8th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of William Nanfon, James Robinfony James Bulmany Thomas Bithnan, Flarmaduke Ail if on, Robert Nanjony John Potts, Thomas Sezvell, John Hewit, John Barns, Robert Graham, John Richardson, William Bennett, Thomas Sew ell, and James Gibbonsy Citizens and Electors of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, on Behalf of themselves, an4 many other Citizens and Electors of the said City, was also read; Setting forth, That Sir James Graham, Baronet, and EdzvardKnubley, Efc]uire, and John Christian, otherwise John Christian Curzven, El-quire, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, Baronet, were Candidates at the hate Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that the Mayor of the said City, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, admitted on the Poll a great Number of V otes {gt the said JohnChriJiiany otherwise John Christian Curzven, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, who had no Right to vote, and returned the said John Christian, otherwise/<?//// Christian Curzven, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, as Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, although the said Sir James Graham and Edward Knubley had a large Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as Members for the said City, to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying,

That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Voe. 52.

preceding

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other " Regulations touching the Election of Members to u serve in Parliament for Places within England and " Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for rc-lc moving Difficulties which may arile, for want of ‘ Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament," it is, by the First Section thereof, Enacted, " That, from and after the Firff: Day of August One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, every " Poll which shall be demanded at any Election for " a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, for cc any County, City, Borough, or other Place, within " England, Wales, or for the Town of Berwick upon " Tweed, shall commence upon the Day on which the " same shall be demanded, or upon the Day next " after at fart heft (unless it shall happen to be a Sunday,

" and then on the Day after) and shall be duly and re-<c gularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until the same shall be finished, but so as " that no Poll for the Election of any Member or " Members to lerve in Parliament shall continue more " than Fifteen Days at rnoft (Sundays excepted) and,

" if such Poll shall continue until the Fifteenth Day, c< then the same shall be finally cjlofed at or before " the Hour of Three in the Afternoon of the same " Day:" And, by the Third Section of the said Act, in order that the Electors may have full Time and Opportunity to poll, it is Enacted, " That all and every " Returning Officer and Officers, unless prevented by " any unavoidable Accident, shall, during the Continuance of the Pol!, on every Day subsequent to the " Commencement of the fame, cause the said Poll to " be kept open for Seven Hours, at the least, in each " Day, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning " and Eight at Nightand that the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester, began on Wednesday the 25th Day of May last, when the Right Honourable Sir John , Pennington, Baronet, Lord Muncaster of the Kingdom of Ireland, Robert Thornton, and Richard Shepley, Esquires, were Candidates; and that a Poll being demanded, the same was granted, and proceeded in till Saturday the 28th Day of the same Month of May, on which Day the Poll was opened between the Hours of Ten and Eleven o'CJock in the Forenoon; but William Bunnell', Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, who was also the Returning Officer for the fame, did arbitrarily and illegally, and against: the Content of the said Richard Shepley, make divers Proclamations to dole the Poll on short Notices, and before the Expiration of Seven Hours from the Com-lffencement of the Poll on that Day, notwithstanding the said William Bunnell muff: have been well aware that many Voters remained unpolled, whereby divers of the legal Voters of the said Borough were unjustly dc- prived of the due Exercise of their legal Franchise; and that the said William Bunnell, not being prevented by any unavoidable Accident from keeping the Poll open for Seven Hours in that Day, did close the same at or about Fifteen Minutes before Fouro'Clo'ck in the Afternoon of that Day, in open Violation of the Provisions contained in the before-mentioned Act; and that it was well known to the said William Bunnell, at the Time he so elofed the said Poll, that the Number of EJeftors, who had given their Votes at such Election, were not more than Seven hundred and Forty, and that the whole Number of Electors for the said Borough exceeded Thirteen Hundred, yet he the said William Bunnell made a Return according as the Numbers flood on the Poll at the Time of his closing the same as aforesaid, and returned the said Sir John Pen

nington

Shrewfbuty Election — Petition of Mr. Hill.

Company's

Kcvuru'-c Accounts pre-ient-cL

40

18° OStobris. 17 9

nington Lord Muncafler, and , Esquire; and that, by Means of the aforesaid illegal and partial Conduct of the said William the Petitioners

have been prevented giving their Votes at such Election, although some of them tendered their Votes to the said William Bunnell soon after his so doling the Poll, but were not allowed to vote; and that the Petitioners conceive, and are adviled, that such partial and illegal Conduct of the said William Bunnell has rendered the said Election and Return null and void: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Car, prefen led to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, and Orijjii, and from Benares and under the I leads

of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the lutcll Advices; together with the latell Eft i mate of the fame: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in Benares and Oude-, riitlin-guishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buih.'ings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account t; Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices; together with the latell Eilimate of the lame:

A Petition of John Hill, Esquire, was read; Setting And also, forth, That at the last Election holden for the Borough N° 3- A Companion of the Estimated and Actual of Shrewsbury,before William Cludde, Esquire, Mayor Amount of the Revenues of (he East India Company,

of the said Borough, the Candidates were Sir William in the Provinces of Bahar, and Grip, and front

Pulteney, Baronet, the Honourable William Hill, and and under the Heads of Mint or Co; nag-

the Petitioner; that a Poll was demanded for each of Duties, Poil Office Coil-moons, Benares Revenue, Orae the Three Candidates on Monday the 30th Day of Elay Subsidy, Lai.d Revenues, Police laws, Customs, and

any legal Qualification to vote at the said El edion, t1;lt!ng'u were illegally admitted, by the said Mayor, to poll Civil, Judicial, Military, and Man for the Honourable William Hill, and a great Number Buildings and Fortifications, of

collecting the

of Persons, duly qualified to vote at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, were illegally rejected, and not permitted to vote, by the said Mayor; and that the Honourable William , by himself and his Agents, and others by their Privity, before and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempted to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure the said William Hill to be returned as a Person duly elected; and that, by these and various other Means, a pretended Majority was obtained for the Honourable William Hill, and he was returned by the said Mayor; whereas the Petitioner had the clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been declared duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to declare that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of or that the

House will afford the Petitioner such other and further Relief as they shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 15th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

the Clr.rges of Revenues and Customs, and the Advances anti Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year; And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements fu bora mate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the 1/eads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll O.'fice Coil-ctions,

Sea and Land Customs, Subfitlies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of TauioreSee. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Lfti-mate of the lame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges by the East India Company, at the Fort

Saint George, and the Settlements subordinare (hereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distimri.ubing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Caere/s <-f collecting the Revenues and Customs, for 'three Year.-, according to the latell Advices; together with the le.tdi Estimate of the lame: And also,

N° 6. A Companion of the Actual

Amount of the Revenues of the EnjtIndia CYmpany, at the Presidency of Feet Saint George, and Set fa men's subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and V rrhorn Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Poll Office Collodions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of See.

Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, or the Year In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating 1794-5, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Sctt/e-of Members to serve in Parliament, the like ments, and in The and Northern dif-

Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the tinguishing the same rdpedively, under the several several Parties; accompanied with Orders for Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and their Attendance, by_themselves, their Counsel, tions, and collecting the Revenues and Customs; And

also,

N 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Prciklency ot Bo-vimy, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Licences, Sc.

for Three Years, according to latest Advices; together

or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

18° Ofiohm.

3 6 Geo. III.

ther with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of

and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of cofiecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the India Company, at the Presidency of Bombayand the Settlements iubor-dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1794-5, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; diitinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And a lib,

N" ic. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Benya!, at , and

at Bombay, lb tar as the same can be distinguisned from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N® 10 (a.) An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10 (b.) An Account of the Expences of the Bland of Saint Helena, and the Factory of , for Three Y'ears, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 1 ft of May 1795 to the 30th of April 1796: And also,

N° 12. Abftnnfl Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift of May 1795 to the 30th of April 1796: And also,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 1 ft of May 1795 to the 30th of April 1796: And also,

N 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort liam, Fort Saint George, and , from the ift of

May 1795 to the 30th of Apr 1796: And also, N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between the 30th of April 1794 and the ift of May 1795, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th September 1785, and the 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift of May 1794 to the 30th of April 1795: And also, N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and.Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1 ft of May 1794 to the 30th of April 1795: And also,

N° 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Dif-Vol. 52.

41

burfements of the Bombay Government, from the ft of 1 May 1794 to the 30th of April 1795: And also,

N® 21; An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock; exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Alfets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay; and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory of Canton, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1794-5; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoice: And also,

N® 23. Annual Account made up to the ill Day of March 1796, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract: Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects, appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float: And also,

N" 24. An Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) from the ift of March 1795 to the ift of March 1796: And also,

N® 25. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift of March 1795 to the ift of March 1796: And also,

N® 26. An Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India Company's Goods from March 1795 to March 1796, the Charges and Profit on Private Trade,

(Be. and the Expences of Customs, Freight, and other Charges, paid thereout, compared with the Average Estimate of Receipts and Payments, as formed by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Explanatory Majesty's Command, Article to

A Paper-, intituled, " Explanatory Article, signed at AmePhiladelphia, the 4th of May 1796, to be added to rita, pi Te " the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, tented.

" between His Majesty and the United States of " rica, signed at London the 19th of November 1794."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as follovyeth; viz.

EXPLANATORY ARTICLE, signed at Philadelphia, the 4th of A lay 1796, to be added to the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of Ame» rica, signed at London, the 19th of November 1794.

Whereas by the Third Article of the Treaty of Amity,

Commerce, and Navigation, concluded at London, on the 19th Day of November 1794, between His Britannich Majesty and the United States of A, it was agreed. That it should atallTimes be free to His Majesty's Sub-

M jects,

42 18° OBobris. . 1796.

jests, and to the Citizens of the United States, and also to the Indians dwelling on either Side of the Boundary Line assigned by the Treaty of Peace to the United States, freely to pass and repass, by Land or Inland Navigation, into the respective Territories and Countries of the Two Con trading Parties, on the Continent of America, (the Country within the Limits of the Bay

Company only excepted) and to navigate all the Lakes, Rivers, and Waters thereof, and freely to carry on Trade and Commerce with each other, l'ubjeft to the Provisions and Limitations contained in the said Article: And whereas, by the Eighth Article of the Treaty of Peace and Friendship, concluded at , on the

3d Day of August 1795, between the United States and the Nations or Tribes of Indians called The Wyandots, Delawares, Shawanoes, Ottowas , Putawati-

rnies, Mi amis. Eel River, Weeas, Kickapoos, and Kajkajkias, it was stipulated, that no Person should be permitted to reside at any of the Towns or Hunting Camps of the said Indian Tribes as a Trader, who is not furnished with a Licence for that Purpose under the Authority of the United States; which latter Stipulation has excited Doubts whether in its Operation it may not interfere with the due Execution of the said Third Article of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation; and it being the sincere Delire of His Majesty, and of the United States, that this Point should be so explained as to remove all Doubts, and promote mutual Satisfaction and Fricndship; and for this Purpose His Britamick Majesty, having named for his Commis-

fioner PhineasBend, El'quire, His Majesty's Consul Gene-

ral for the Middle and Southern States of America, (and now His Majesty's Charge d'Affaires to the United States) and the President of the United States having named for their Commissioner Timothy Pickering, Esquire, Secretary of State of the United States, to whom, agreeably to the Laws of the United States, he has entrusted this Negotiation; they, the said Commissioners, having communicated to each other their Full Powers, have, in virtue of the fame, and conformably to the Spirit of the last Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, entered into this Explanatory Article, and do by these Presents explicitly agree and declare, that no Stipulations in any Treaty, subsequently concluded by either of the Contracting Parties with any other State or Nation, or with any Indian Tribe, can be understood to derogate in any Manner from the Rights of free Jntfcr-course and Commerce, secured by the aforesaid Third Article of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, to the Subjects of His Majesty, and to the Citizens of the United States, and to the Indians dwelling on either Side of the Boundary Line aforesaid; but that all the said Persons shall remain at full Liberty freely to pals and repass, by Land or Inland Navigation, into the respective Territories and Countries of the Contracting Parties on either Side of the said Boundary Line, and freely to carry on Trade and Commerce with each other, according to the Stipulations of the said Third Article -of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation.

This Explanatory Article, when the same shall have been ratified by His Majesty, and by the President of the United States by and with the Advice and Consent of their Senate, and the respective Ratifications mutually exchanged, shall be added to, and make a Part of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, and shall be permanently binding upon His Majesty and the United States.

In Witness whereof, We, the said Commissioners of His Majesty the King of Great Britain and the United States of America, have signed this present Explanatory Article, and thereto affixed Our Seals.

Done at Philadelphia,this Fourth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

P. Bond. (L. S.) Timothy Pickering. (L. S.)

2

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider of the Paragraph of His Ma- s|!c«.h,"re-jesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia- fretting the ment, upon the 6th Day of this Instant October, which relates to the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of Deitcnt. attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mitford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mitford reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Mitford accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties of England, and in the several Counties,

Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

And Mr. Milford moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for tailing raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties Men of England, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, avv or- 1 Royal Burghs, ami Towns, in that Part of Great Bri- acred.

tain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy: And that Mr. Mitford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mitford also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in same of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

And Mr. Mitford moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for an<r-providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained £Vjj]j£,s0|.!!e and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for dered. ' enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in same of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms: And that Mr. Mitford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Mitford likewise reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raile a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in same of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

And Mr. Mitford moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for raising enabling His Majesty to raile a Provisional Force of cavalry,'or-Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons dered. therein described, to be embodied, in Cate of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms: And that Mr. Mitford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Tea of the Clock.

Mercurii,

3 6 Geo. III.

190 Ocfobris.

43

"flnimittee W King's re-

ting at-

'c.'uat.

, Astor s Nat. Fttition.

Mercurii, I g° die OSlobris j

Anno 36° Georgii II1 U Regis, 1796. Praters.

A Petition of George Allor was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wyke Rert Inclosure Petition.

ornifoi for tii: v .-ni . or-

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wyke Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the Houie, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, anil other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and, if the same were divided and incloled, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several Parties interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it will not only be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

and Means, on his Behalf, and at his Charge, to divers -Persons, having Voice in such Election, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to his being elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the Form of the Statutes in such same made and provided, and against the Resolutions of the House: And , therefore praying, That he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompainied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcorr.be Regis, in the County of Dorset, labour under great Inconvenience for the W ant offrelh Water; and that the Petitioners are in Pollession

Wf vinoutji anu'Mtl-t.cduL't Rctcs Watti JKti'

tion.

Petition in Favour of Trent and

me

r *

Bill.

laid Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable of a Stream of pure, wholesome, good Water, which they Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such are ready and willing, at their own Expence, to convey Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem to the said Borough and Town, which will be of great proper. Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to effect the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. above Purpose.

Tucker Stnvard and Sir James Pulteney do prepare, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the bring in, the lame. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it A Petition oft he Town and Borough of Tewkesbury, shall appear to them, to the House:

~ " ' ' And it is referred to Mr. Tucker Steward, Sir William

Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

in the County of Gloucejlewas presented to the House, Merfe/canal and read; Setting forth, That the Canal, from the Trent Rdervoir,&«. the Mersey, has been productive of essential Advantages to the Trade and Commerce, and is of great Public Importance; and the Petitioners are informed that Application is intended to be made to Parliament for a Bill to obtain a further Supply of Water for the said Canal, by Means of a Reservoir, near to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and to extend a short Branch of

Mr. Mitfordacquainted the House, That he had been King's Speech directed by the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Paragraph of

Cirencester Election — Petition of Mr. Howell#

Canal to that Town: And therefore praying, That the His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of said Bill may pass into a Law. Parliament, upon the 6th Day of this Instant October,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, which relates to the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms, to

A Petition of Thomas Bayly Howell, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgels to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester,in the County of Gloucej-

move the House, that the said Committee may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ter, Michael Hicks Beach, Robert Preston, Esquires, and consider further of the said Paragraph of His Majesty's the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said most Gracious Speech.

Robert Preston, after the Telle of the Writs of Election

upon the summoning of this present Parliament, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for railing before the Day of his Election to serve in Parliament House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain so ,e for the said Borough, by himself, and by divers others on Number of Men, in the several Counties of ny, pre-

his Behalf, and at his Charge, gave to divers Persons, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, lented-having Voice in such Election, Meat and Drink, greatly and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, exceeding in the true Value f. 10 in the Whole, in cer- for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy: And tain Places in the said Borough, the lame, or any of them, the same was received; and read the First Time, not being the usual Place of his Abode for Six Months Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

then last past, and did procure his Election to serve in Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Parliament for the said Borough by Bribery and corrupt Tomorrow Morning.

Practices, and by giving, presenting, and allowing, after the Telle of the Writs of Election upon the summoning The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of of this present Parliament, and before his Election, Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and ad

directly and indirectly, by himself, and by divers Ways Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Mnt‘

Vol. 52. Mr.

liiii

Supply de-fcrj'cd.

Fiction Petitions delivered in.

T rc ony Election-Petition of Electors.

44 19° — 200 O. A. 1796.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 20° di;

Anno 36® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

SEVERAL Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the same were delivered in at the Table; and One of the said Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of being in the Third Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House of the 7th Day of this Instant October (One of the Sitting Members for the said Borough being returned to serve for Two Places) the said Petition was read; as followeth; viz.

A Petition of certain Electors of the Borough of Tregony, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for Burgestes to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of CornwallSir Lionel , Baronet, and John Nicholls, Esquire, Sir John Baronet, and

Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at

the said Election many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made Use of by the said Sir Copley and John Nicholls, and other Persons in their Interest, to procure a colourable Majority for them; and that Richard Gurney, Clerk, the Returning Officer, did, before the Poll, attempt by improper influence, to prevail upon Persons, who had no Right to vote, to appear, and tender their Votes in Favour of the said Sir Lionel Copley and John Nicholls, promising, and giving them Rca-lons to believe, that he would admit them upon the Poll, and that during the Poll, he behaved with marked Partiality towards the said Sir Lionel Copley and Nicholls, and did illegally admit a great Number of Voters, who had no Right to poll at the said Election, to vote for the said Sir Lionel Copley and John Nicholls, and did wilfully reject many others who tendered their Votes for the said Sir John Doyley and Philip;

and that the said Richard Gurney was, previous to and during the Poll, guilty of gross Bribery, as well by giving as by promising to give Money and other Rewards to the said Voters, and did thereby, and by other corrupt Means, prevail on many of the Voters to vote for the said Sir Lionel Copley and Jo Nicholls, and that, previous to and during the Poll, the said Sir Copley

and John Nicholls, were by themselves, and by their Agents, guilty of many Acts of Bribery, and allowed to the Electors of the said Borough Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, by which Means, by Threats, by Promises, and by other corrupt Practices and Proceedings, the said Sir Lionel Copley and John Nicholls have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of England: And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 10th Day of November next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And several others of the said Petitions, so delivered in as aforesaid, appearing to relate to the Elections and Returns of Places, concerning which the House had received Petitions on former Days, the same were read; as followeth; viz.

A Petition cf Thomas Hyde and John Matthews, on Mil borne Port Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the Borough of MilbornePort, in the County of was motors,

read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election cf Burgefl'es for the said Borough, Major General Norman Mac/cod, and Lucius Concanucn, Esquire, and the Honourable Henry Paget, commonly caxled Lord Paget, and Sir Robert Aiujlie, Knight, were Candidates to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Election was held on the 27th Day of A last, before Edward White and George Longman, Senior, Deputy Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough; and that the said Returning Officers declared the said Henry Lord Paget and Sir Robert Ainfieto be duly elected; and that the said Returning Officers did arbitrarily and illegally . admit divers Persons to poll for the said Henry Lord Paget and Sir Robert Ainfdewho had no Right to vote, and rejeifted divers Persons, who tendered their Votes for the said Norman Macleod at the said Election, who had a Right to vote; and that the said Returning Officers did arbitrarily and illegally admit to vote, at the said Election, for the said Henry Lord and Sir

Robert Ainflie, divers Persons diiabled to vote by reason of such Persons holding disqualifying Offices; and that William Coles Med/ycott, Esquire, who was avowedly in the Interest, and the Friend and Agent, of the said Sir Paobcrt Ainflie, and upon whose Invitation the said Sir Robert Ainfie came to the said Borough to stand as a Candidate previous to the said Election, did bribe, and attempt to bribe and influence, divers Persons to vote in Favour of the said Sir Robert at the said

Election; and that the said George One of

the said Returning Officers, during the Canvals previous to the said Election, did a>ft as Agent to the said Wi/liam Coles Mcdlycott and Sir Robert and did

bribe, and attempt to bribe and influence, several Persons to 'vote in Favour of the said Sir Robert Ainflie at the said Election; and that the said Sir Robert Ainfde and his Agents, or Persons employed by him with his Privity, and by his Direction, previous to the said Election, 'were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote at the said Election; and that, by these and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, many Persons voted for the said Sir Robert Ainfie who would otherwise have voted for the said Norman Macleod, and that the said Sir Robert Ainfie is unduly returned

.inborn

litcnon —

n-'-not iete.

3 <5 Geo. IIL 20° OBobris. 45

turned as a Burgess for the said Borough, In Prejudice next, at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas of the said Norman Macleod, and in open Violation of Bayly Howell, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into the Rights of the said Borough, and the Freedom of Confederation.

Elections: And therefore praying the House to take Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or the Premises into Confederation, and to give the Pcti- Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as tioner such Relief, with regard to the said Return, and shall be thought necessary, by the ftvcral Parties on also the Merits of the said Election as to the House the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Lcominrter sideration upon Thursday, the 10th Day of November thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and next, at the same Time that the Petition of Norman others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leo- Ejectors. Macleod, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Con- minster, in the County of Herefordwas read; Setting sideration. . > forth. That, at the said Election of Two Representa-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or tives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leo-

W arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as minster, in the County of Robert Ridduiph,

lhu!J be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on John Hunter, and George Esqtiires, were

the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was

demanded and taken before Tobias Davies, Esquire *

Cirfncester A Petition of Robert Sand ford, and others, Inhabi- wdio was Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said

FMi.in — tant Householders of the Town and Borough of Ci- Borough; and that the said Tobias Davies a fled with

Voter?.110 rencester, in the County of G'fucfter, who have a Right great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said to vote at all Elections for Members to lerve in Par- George Pollen, and did not only receive a great

liament for the said Town and Borough, was read; Number of illegal Votes for the said George Setting forth. That, at the last General Election of Pollen, but also rejected the Votes of several of the Burgeiles to serve in Parliament for the said Borough Petitioners, anti of clivers other Persons, who were legal Robert Preston, Michael Hicks Beach, and Thomas BaxIv Electors of the said Borough, and who tendered their

Hove ell, Esquires, were Candidates, and that Joseph Votes for the said and that, at and

Pitt, Gentleman, Steward, and Rolfert TliompJ'on, Gen- before the said Election, the said tlenian. Bailiff of the said Borough, prelided at such by himself and his Agents, was guilty of various Acts

Election as the Returning Officers; and that, by an Bribery and Corruption, and did, by himself and

Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of his Agents, by Gifts and Promises, and Offers pru-the Reign of His present Majesty, it is Enacted, That, cure, and endeavour to procure, many of the Electors from and after the passing of the said Act, all Notices of the said Borough of to vote for the said

to be given of the Time and Place of any Election for George Augustus Pollen, who would otherwavs have voted Members to serve in Parliament shall be publicly for the said Robert Ridduiph, and also to prevent them, given at the usual Place or Places, within the Hours of and divers others of the said Electors, from voting for Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the the said Robert and that, at and before the

Clock in the Afternoon, from the 25th Day of OAo- said Election, other Persons who procured, or endea-ber to the 25th Day of March inclusive, and within voured to procure, Votes for the said George the Hours, of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon Pollen, were guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Ccr-and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, from the 25th ruption, and did, by Gifts and Promiles, and Oilers,

Day o f March to the 25 th Day of October, inclusive, corrupt and procure, and endeavoured to corrupt and' and not otherwise; and that no Notice to be given of procure, many of the said Electors to vote for the said the Time and Piacc of Elections of Members to serve George Pollen, and to prevent them, and divers in Parliament shall be deemed and taken to be a good others of the said Electors, from giving their Votes at or valid Notice for any Purposes, or to any Effetff the said Election for the said Robert Biddulph and that, whatsoever, which shall not be made and published in by those and other illegal Means, a colourable Majo-the Manner, and within the Time of Day, aforesaid, rity of One Single Vote was obtained for the said any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary George Augustus Pollen over the said Robert not.withstanding; and that the Precept for the said and the said Tobias Davies hath returned the said Election was delivered to the said Joseph Pitt and No- George Pollen as duly deeded, together with the

bert Thompson, the said Returning Officers, at or about laid John Hunter, whereas there was a great Majority of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of Saturday, the 21st legal Votes in Favour of the said Robert over

Day of May last, and they the said Joseph Pitt and the said Augustus Pollen, and the said Robert

Robert Thompfuti, as such Returning Officers as aforesaid, Biddulph ought to have been returned with the said did cn that same Day give Notice that they would John Hunter, as one of the Representatives to serve in proceed to the Election on Wednesday,the 2,5th Day Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore j-ray-of the same Month; and that the said Notice was not ing the House to take the Premises into Coifsideration given between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, as them shall seem meet.

required by the said Statute, but the same was given Ordered, '1 hat the said Petition be taken into Con-after Six of the Clock in the Evening of the said 21st sideration upon the 8th Day of November

Day of May last, contrary to the said Statute; and next, at the same Time that the Petition of Robert that the said Joseph Pitt and Robert T/ton:pfon, as such Biddulph, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Confi-

Relurning Officers as aforesaid, did neverdiciefs pro- deration.

coed to the said Election, and unduly return the said Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Robert Preston and Michael Hicks Beach as Members Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Bo- shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on rough: The Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves and the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, the other Electors of the said Town and Borough,

therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Then the Names of the Places to which the Residue

Consideration, and to grant such Relief as the Nature of the said Petitions related (being all of them Peti-of the same may require, and to the House shall seem tions of the last Ciafs mentioned in the Kefolution of meet. the House of the 7th Day of this Instant October)

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- were put into the Glass at the Tabic, and drawn b)'

deration upon Tuesday, the 20th Da)' of December the Clerk in the following Order:

Vol. 52, " N A Petition

46 ao9 OSobris. . 1796.

Kent Ejection A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of freeholders! County of ATe«/, who polled for, or tendered their

.Votes for, Filmer Honyzvood Esquire, at the last Elec-

tion of Members to i'erve in Parliament for the said County, was read; Setting forth, That, at the said Election, Sir Edward K Baronet, Sir William Geary, Baronet, and the said Filmer , Ef-

tjuire, were Candidates to represent the said County in this present Parliament; that it appeared by the Poll, taken at the said Election, that the Numbers were as follow. For Sir Edward Knatchbu/l 5,202, for Sir William Geary 4,418, and for Mr. 4,280;

and that the said Sir William Geary was, by himtelf or his Agents, guilty, of Bribery and Corruption, and pther corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure Persons to vote for 1 iin at the said Election; and that he the said Sir William Geary did, by himself, his Friends, or Agents, before or during the said Election, enter into an illegal and corrupt Bargain or Agreement with the said Sir Edward , his

Friends, or Agents, relative to the Expence to be borne by the said Sir William Geary at the said Election, the said Sir William Geary, by himself, his Friends, or Agents, undertaking and promiiing to the said Sir Edward Knatchbul I, his Friends, or Agents, to bear a much greater Proportion of the Expence of the said Election than would otherwise have fallen to his Share, whereby the said Sir Edward his Friends,

or Agents, agreed, and became bound, to procure Persons to poll for the said Sir William Geary, at the said Election, who would not otherwise have given their Votes in his Favour; and that the said Sir William Geary did, by himself, his Friends, or Agents, enter into some other corrupt Agreement or Agreements relative to the Expence of the said Election, contrary to Law, and in Violation of the Freedom of Election, and of the Rights of the Petitioners: That the Petitioners are advil'ed, and believe, that the apparent Majority in Favour of Sir William Geary over Mr. Hollywood arose from John Mumford, Esquire, the High Sheriff of the said County, having taken upon Jiimfelf arbitrarily, illegally, unjustly, and partially, to admit many Persons to poll for the said Sir William Geary, who ought to have b"en rejected, and having arbitrarily, illegally, unjand partially, rejected the Votes of many Freeholders who tendered their Votes for the said Filmer Honyzvood-, that the Petitioners do therefore assert, and are ready to prove, that the Majority of legal Votes at the said Election was in Favour of the said Filmer Honyzvood, Esquire; that the said Sir William Geary ought not to have been returned, but that the said Filmer Honyzvood ought to have been returned one of the Knights of the Shire to represent the said County of Kent in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioners, being by the Means hereinbefore set forth; viz. by the illegal and partial Conduct of the High Sheriff, and by the corrupt and unlawful Acts, Bargains, and Agreements, of the said Sir Edward Knatchbul! and Sir William Geary, and others, their Friends and Agents, deprived of being represented in Parliament by their true and legal Representative Filmer Honyzvood, pray the House to take their same into Consideration, to order the Name of the said Sir William Geary to be erased from the Return, and that of the said Filmer Honszvood, Esquire, to be inserted in dead thereof, or to order the Return of the said Sir William Geary to be declared void, or to administer to them such other Relief in the Premises as to the Wisdom of the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 2 2d Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition,

4

A Petition of Robert Bclfches, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the said Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of the Ho- tion

nourable Sir George Keith Elphinstone, Knight of the Bath, was the only Candidate; and that the Petitioner, conceiving the said Sir George Keith Elphinstone to be dif-

qualified, and ineligible to represent the said County in Parliament, dated the same at the Meeting held for the said Election, but the said Sir George Keith was nevertheless returned by the Freeholders pretent, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the other Freeholders of the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall appear jud and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon TueJ'Jay, the 27th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Fdcc- M.-iiMone tors for the Borough of Maidstone,in the County of Kent,was read; Setting forth, That, at the lad Election Electors, of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, Oliver De/ances, Esquire, Matthew

Bloxcim, Esquire, and Christopher Esquire, were Candidates, and that the said Oliver Delaucey and Matthew Eloxam were returned as Burgesses to rcprclent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioners are advil'ed that the said Election should be declared void as far as relates to the said Oliver he being incapable of being elected, and ditquulilied from fitting in Parliament, by the Statute of the Sixth of Queen Anne, Chapter Seventh, by holding an Office,

or Offices of Trud and Profit, under the Crown, created since the 25th Day of October 1705, and particularly the Office of Barrack Mailer General, which is a Place ot Trud and Profit under the Crown, created since the said 25th Day of October 1705; and that the Pe; :ti . ..ers are further advil'ed, that the Election of the said Oliver lancey should be declared void, he being a Contractor with Government, and thereby disqualified from fitting in Parliament by the Statute of the Twcn y-second ot George III. Chapter Forty-five: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideratton upon Thursday,the 29th Day of December next, at Tluee of the Clock in the Af ternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Flearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Edmund Lechmere, Junior, Esquire, 'v°rcff.rt'T

r- r 1 /-» , J 1 City ElciUon

Freeman of the City of Morcejier,was read; Setting ...petition oi forth, That, at the lad General Election of Citizens Mr. Trento serve in Parliament for the City of Edmund merc‘

Wigley and Abraham Robarts, Esquires, were returned to serve in Parliament for the said City; but the Petitioner is advised, that the said Election was not duly held or made, in as much as the Proclamation for holding the same was not made within the Hours prescribed by Law, and that the Returning Officer proceeded to the said Election without giving a sufficient Number of B Days Notice for the said Election as required by Law; and besides, before and during the said Election, the said Edmund Wigley and Abraham Robarts, Esquires, were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Promiles ol Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts of Money, Presents, and Allowance of Meat and Drink, and other Entertainments,

20° OBobris,

Sfi'iilH;

ti J(', — pt.

tiop, ot v-

uor?.

36 Geo. III.

47

tainments, and divers other illegal Practices, procure, the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chan-

and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors cellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr.

to vote for them: And therefore praying the House to , Mr. John Thomas Mr. John Smyth,

take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, MT.Ro/e, l'uch Relief as to the House shall seem meet. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other deration upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of January next, at of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Mr. John

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, . shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. fame.

Memorandum: Mr. Serjeant Adair presented to the House, according Quakers Re-

in pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of the People Htf BjUpre-the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, ente of Members to serve in Parliament, the like for Non-payment of Tythes; and for making their so-Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the ]cmn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil . several Parties; accompanied with Orders for Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, Time.

or Agents, at the Times on which the said That the Bill be read a Second Time,

several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Consideration. upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Report Ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Accounts to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- Directions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

ply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Committee had directed him to report to the House; Customs, Excite, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, cife, X which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at for One Year, ended the 5th Day of July 1796; distin-the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are guishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Proas followeth; viz. duce on every separate Article, the Duties on which

Mult. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, have amounted to f. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quar-

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, ters of the said Year: And also,

the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into.Customs. by an Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-sixth Year of His the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Pro-Day of June 1797, be further continued, and charged duce of every separate Article, the Duties on which upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Quarters ended the 5th Day of July 1796: And also.

Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excite, of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1797 to the the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and 24th Day of June 1798.; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce Zand Tax. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the FourQuar-jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no ters, ended the 5th July 1796: And also, more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Stamp.

25th Day of March 1797, upon Lands, Tenements, Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Re-Hereditaments, Petitions, Offices, and Perl'onal Estates, venue, jffiat have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Four Quarters ended the 5th July 1796: And also, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed -, and that a propor- An Account of the Total Produce, paid into the Incidents, tionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents;

Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Gr tf/Br/Va/a distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the called Scotland. Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Quarters, ended the 5th Day of 1796. agreed to by the House. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An A C C O M P T of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, reflectively, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of July 1796; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year; viz.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the 5th Day of July 1796, as perAccompt (A.) ——

Ditto of the Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £. 545,944. the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B.) - - - . - -

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (C.)

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D.) - -

£- s. d.

3,669,219 7 9i

8,292,385 15

1,697,226 8 6

2,387,849 3 8

16,046,680 lS ii

AlcnA:

In the Sum of .£.2,387,849. 38 d. Hated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £ 367,889. 10 s. 6 i<l.being the Amount of Impress and other Monies paid within the above Period.

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 20th Day of Qficber 1796, by

George Rose.

VoL- 32- (AO Aa

48

20° OBo

A. 1796.

(A.)

Act ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotlanddistinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £ 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th

79&

SPECIES of GOODS.

A dies, Pearl and Pot

Barilla - -

Books, Bound and Unbound Bottles, Glass - -

Brimdone -

Bridles, Undreft -Bugle, Great - -

Capers -

ChinaWare -

Copper, Unwrought Cordage ——

Cork ——

S)

D

u

Almonds, Bitter Aloes Epatica -

----- Succotrina

Afla Foetida -Borax, Refined

Unrefined -

Camphire, Unrefined Cafiia Fiftula - - — - Lignea - -Cortex Peru -Cream of Tartar -Jalap - -

Juniper Berries Manna - -

Oil, Perfumed - -

Quick River Rhubarb - -Saccarum Saturni -Succus LiquoritiiC -Verdigrease

Dye Stuff's, Shellack

----- -Smalts - -

Elephants Teeth -

Feathers for Beds -' -

Fish, Anchovies - - - Fruit, Lemons and Oranges — - — Nuts, small - -

Glass Plates - -

GAlmonds, Jordan ----- ---- not Jordan

: v

Cocoa Coffee -Currants

|.(p.ss -£ Ginger.

Nutmegs

Pepper -

Pimento

VjPi'unes.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Charges of Management,

yv.

1,240 2 6

>4,674 4 2

1,181 6 ioJ

2,446 19 Q

4,423 5 9i

6,605 11 6f

i,333 11 5

99i 16 91

7,944 11 5

2,502 7 10

5,39° 18 Q

3,697 3 9+

2,172 13 iQ

1,581 18 3x

1,182 19 3s

705 3 2

2,218 10 4

2,303 3 9r

1,006 14 10

1,119 14 7

504 9 Q

[6,886 6 5 *

835 18 2£

679«i5 9

1,719 5 Q

1,284 2 4

743 3>s 01

2>7°7

2,320

11,167

1,360

15

7

3

19

5

16

iQ

iQ

S

1

3

3

2 —

9 — I

416 3 1

8,893 13 9

2,625 2 10J

5>94i 17 — f 1,278 4 6J 15,020 6 10 840

9>o6 7

3.248

1.309 960

5,635 43,142

2.310 4,793

o 24

28,062

8,443

3.310

4 '9

5

18

5

1

7

2

9

18

11

4 *

11

Si

4

— I

X

2

2f

51

11

8 *

11

SPECIES of GOODS.

U

u

o

1 —

o

r Denia -. Faro - -

tn

/ Lexia - -

‘Sj \ Lipari - I tfwymi -'Solis - -

Sago - -Sugar, Brown -Tea -

Hair, Horse

----- Human -

Hats, Chip -

----- Straw - -

Hemp, Rough

f Horse -

n i r t-

jndtan

d

j f-p Losh — — —

H"‘ (. Ox or Cow -

Incle, Wrought - -Iron, Bar - -

----- Cad -

Kelp....

fCambricks -

Canvas, Jleflens -

----- --- Spruce - -

Damask Tabl % -

Diil!;ng -

v j Germany, Narrow -

= { Lawns, Sil", not Holland, 7 Whited - - - J

Russia, Broad, above 22£ -

- 1 above 31J -

above 36

Narrow - T owelling and Napks

Manufactured Articles of India

Mats, RuJ/ia -

Molaflcs ——

Oil, Ordinary

----- Sallad

----- Train -

Paper -

Pictures -

u. .4 f Callicoes 8 £ J Muffins £ § 4! J Nankeens (Prohibited

Pitch - -

Powder, Hair - -

Salt

Petre

Net Produce, subject to the Payment ol Bounties, Charges of M -nagement, &c.

n,439 _ 8

1,211 11 1

n,79i 3 2 *

1,478 8 6£

8,194 17 1

13.208 7 G

1,083 — 6i-

,377,997 3 111-

142,171 8

613 13 10

1,146 1 —

1,330 5 9

644 3 6 £

lot,463 »7 61-

1,083 5 3

620 1 + —

5,207 >9 2

743 10

3,203 14 5i

141,647 8 4i

647 17 8

1,664 5 l

2,377 6 — .

14,237 J3 7

11,252 18 71

1,'93 14 Q

3,069 9

i9>837 3 3

478 11 0 1 1

33,255 >3 10 [-

1,828 5 . I V

12,282 18 _ c 4

5,387 '4 2 i

1,321 4 3i

26 O 31-

1,222 9 8

5,102 15 81

19,173 IS 4 r

7,746 9 8f

4,343 10 Q

2,619 3 iQ

838 7

44,791 8 9l

84,147 6 9

5,946 16 1

27,354 3 7'1

773 4 5;

4,417 2 7 2

450 13 4 f

946 8 4l-Seed.-,

Geo. III.

20 OBo

49

SPECIES of GOODS.

Seeds, Clover - -

CBengal, Raw - -

ok J China, Raw cnJ Italian and 'Turkey, Raw (Thrown - -

'Bear, Black - -

Beaver - -

Calf, Raw - -

----- Tanned -

Deer in Hair - -

Fox, Ordinary -

Goat, Tanned - - *

Kid, Dressed -

---- Undrested -

Martin - - - - *

Otter - -

Raccoon - -

Seal -

Wolf - - - .

Soap, Hard -Spirits, Brandy -

----- --Geneva -

— ----- ---- Rum -

co

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Charges of Management,

tfe.

6,08 5 11 4

55 543 i+ 6 20,836 9 2

20,1 £4 — 7 177,666 8 —

M35

93 5 2,677 1,183 4 54 578 789 1,413 G532 420 462

93

1,027

62

7 19

10

14

12

5

5

3

9

8

11 1

7

17

15

8

Starch

Tar - -

Thread Sifters Tobacco - -

Tow - -

Turpentine - -

Wax, Bees -Wine, Canary -

... French

----- Madeira -

----- Portugal

---- Rhenish

- Spanish

Balks -Battens - -

Boards, Paling

----- -Scale

Deals -Deal Ends -Lath wood -

o

o

5 703

27,085 17,782

31,976

43 033

6,194 1,521 259.976 17 3.131 14 6,329 9

10 1

11

19

5

Si

1

4

4 61

11

io£

5

7 f

6

3

7 *

2 11

81

4$

4 *

5

6

9

t

SPECIES of GOODS.

(Mahogany - -

Marts -

Plank, Oak -J Staves -

P \ Timber, Fir -

> ----- -- Oak -

Users -

( Wainscot Logs

Yarn, Cotton - ----- Mohair -

r

6f

4,140

2,569

10,546

13,670

3 9 507

617

57,902

4,539 12,815 1,270 1,291

2

2

1

6

10

4

1

4 13 13

5

ni

Si

3

1

5i

— i 6}

44

6

10

5

c

o

-a

u

<8

jj

"o

o

co

IS

-Q

3

C/5

Alum ——

Coals - -

Lead -

Tin....

Indigo - -

Skins, Beaver - -

Salt, Rock -

Other Articles - -

162,354 10 ii| 5,053 3 2

3,229 16 9!

Coals carried Coastways -

Wine carried Coastways - -

Corn carried Coastways -

Stones and Slates - -

Coals and Salt -

Bricks and Tiles -

Imprest received - -

Surcharges - -

Interest on Bonds -

Remittances from the Plantations Old Stores - -

Produce of condemned Tobacco Received from John Williams, 1 Esqr, for Wine sold by the > Excise - ----- J

—— from the Inspettor? of Corn Returns - - j

----- - from James Hume, Esqr

—— for Rent of Ground) near the Custom House - 5 from the Receivers 1

General of Counties — on Ac- > count of Window Money -J Sundry small Articles -

Total - £.

Net Produce, fuhjcft to the Paym nr of Bounties, Charges of Management,

5>I25

10,489

7,089

11,037

83,417

600'

1,754

2,005

708

I,2c6

2,258

106,923

34,067

4,966

10,102-

1,905

7,899

8,209

574,740

722

42

20,234

4,6.30

199

26,878

2,578

200

18,438

I08

1,960

8

2

11

10

3 3

12

13

10

9

uf

6

6i

8 *

4r

3

I if if

6i

10

9 2

18 — f

1 9i

4 9i

2 3i

7 4

13 10

14 if

3 61

7

19 it

5i

1 4

3 6 l< Ilr

13 6

5 6 13 It 16 —

15 IO

232 2 2

509 4 IO

IOO — —

663 ——

206,375 l6 — 4-161,272 4 2i

5,037,517 19 II

GENERAL STATEMENT of the CUSTOMS.

CHARGE.

Net Produce, subject to the 1 Deductions on the Credit > Side of this Account - - J

Sfi3T,si7 19 n

DISCHARGE.

5,037,517 19 II

General's Office, 1 1 House, London, > 17th, 1796. )

By Bounties ——

— D° — on Corn imported -

— D° - — to Seamen, of1 the 36th of the King, Chap. 21. j

By Re-payments on over En-1 tries, and on damaged Goods,) By Charges of Management - -

By Warrants from the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, applied towards the Support of His Majesty's Civil Government there -By Payments inco the Exchequer

L

Inspeflor General's Office, Custom OSobtr 1

661,262 11 5

131,660 2 3

92,826 1 10 *

31,048 18 ti i

409,789 9 6

41,711 8 2

3,669,2x9 7 9 *

5,°37,5‘7 19 II

VOL. 52.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G. Britain.

' (B.) An

IIAJ

5°

20

Offobris.

A. 1796.

fBO An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and;

" more, in the Four Quarter *

DUTIES.

IF oreign

Auctions - -

Peer -

Bricks and Tiles - -

Candies

Coaches built for Sale -Cocoa Nuts and Coffee - -

Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice -

Glass ——

I tides. Skins, Vellum and Parchment Hops ——

Malt, Perpetual ——

Methcglin or Mead, and Vinegar Printed Goods ——

Sope

Spirits

Starch

Sweets ——

Tea - -....

Tobacco and Snuff - -

Verjuice, is with Cyder and Perry. Vinegar, is with Metheglin.

Wine ——

Wire ——

Auctioneers, arc with Auctions. Coachmakets, are with Coaches. Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate, or

Tea....

Makers and Sellers of Wax anti Sperm. Candles, are with Candles.

Mak' of, and Deal' in Excise Commod - -

Retailers of Spirit Liquors - -

Ditto - of Wine - -

Seilers of Gold and Silver Plate Manuf' of, and Deal in Tobacco and Snuff, are with Tobacco, &c.

OJ

O

rj

U

Duties comm'1 6 Jan 1791

I Spirits 5 \ r [roreig

Fch'J 1794 - Ditto -jp

.foreign

First Quarter from 5 July 1795 *

tO 10 Oftr 1795.

29 March 1794, Bricks and Tiles 6 April 1794, Paper - - , -

18 April 1794, Glass -

- c C ' C Spirits < -

1 r £ Foreign -

! 24F<f/'Jri795{ Wine - -

j I Cocoa Nuts and Coffee!

| '"Sweets - -

j 17 March 1795, Tea - -

i j Dec 1795, Tobacco - -

Total of Duties, except Malt, Annual Ann' Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry

Total o - -

25,369 ——

480,007 ——

30,013 ——

25,863 ——

689 ——

4,295 — —

9.377 ——

25,762 ——

71,468 ——

327,925 ——

9-375 ——

53,825 ——

97>5°5 ——

152,221 ——

76,758 ——

,3.I79 ——

4,590 ——

79,442 7 nf

101,005 ——

148,414 — C343 — '

5,024

1,34 *

536

2,522

25.754

i5>43°

26,725 15>°49

7»75 36,77 2 8,146

27,864

15.4H

356.736

3.593

2,954

52,859

2,359.238 268,504

7 I I:

Second Quarter,

from 10 Od 1705,

to 5 Jc.n'y 1796.

2,627,742 7 f

21,431 ——

368,488 ——

42,049 ——

36,6l8 ——

422 ——

3,149 ——

4.74I ——

22,847 -

58,808 ——

110,4/5 ——

6,539 ——

49,069 ——

100,177 — — 3.999 ——

744,771 ——

6,315 ——

,973 -180,467 33,324 ~

34.445

795

6f

3.473 "

27,816

142,44°

28,392

2,059

1,064 —

29,637 —

1,000 —

28,494 — 26,044 —

39,960 " 9.577 —

3.421 —

28,307 —

133.995 — 7,289 — 1,263 —

55.912 —

.355.935 5 61 102,440 — —

1,953.425 5 6;

Third Quarter, front 5 Janry 1796, to J April 2796. Fourth Quarter, from 5 April 1796, to 5 "July 1796. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

27.577 24,876 99,253

449.375 816,461 — — 2, 14,33 *

10,927 2,148 3.5, 37

78,442 57,260 198,183

33° 245 1,686 — —

2,254 3,726 13,424

1 26 5,379 21,323

28,646 — — 24,767 102,022 — —

70,969 64,75 2 265,997

74,063 74,°63

— — 48,738 487,078

4,107 4,546 24,567 — —

65.no 40,601 — — 208,605

86,491 84,921 369,094

7°.579 14,655 241,454

I35-451 155.132 512,1:2 — —

8,697 1,631 29,8 2 2

4,779 5,323 16,665 — "

62,906 19 7} 185,088 2 1 5°7,904 15 2!

88,244 78,846 351,419

62,814 19,790 265,463 ,

858 1,091 4,087

3,072 2,874 4,443

4,3 3 3,902 42,166

9,794 5S. 154,163

2,589 3',869

2,026 1,820 8,427

12,239 3,202 42,259

26,886 — — 31,470 Oo,423

12,871 3,091 45,687

28,205 3 (.473 103,221

7,592 1,516 52,903

39,412 33,039 M 9. l83

11,950 3.733 38,406

12,245 3, 83 46,718

28,398 31,891 J 04,011

182,787 32,746 711,264

2,141 2,661 15,684

2,922 3,364 10,5 03

48,778 54,386 — — 2 ',935

4°,338 39,093 79,431

1,733,74° 9 7 2,003,421 2 i{ 7,957,385 15 2'

2,170 59,33° 532,944

1,740,910 19 71 2,163,251 2 uj 8,49°,329 15 2:

3 6 Geo. III.

ao° 0 Bub ns.

51

.Minting, os for as possible. the Produce on eve separate Article, the Duties on bid. M have amounted 4 Woo, or ended the 5th July 1796. '____________________

Malt, additional, 1791 - -

Auctions ....

Beer -

Bricks ——

Glass ——

Hides ——

Male, perpetual Duty -

Printed Goods ——

Sope

C Bri:ish ——

Spirits <D° (Quarterly Remittances)

(Foreign ——

Tobacco and Snuff -

Wine ----- -- w"

' . _ . cv r-A mm the Excheaucr by the commissioners of Excile in England, in One Year, between

An ACCOUNT of the Dut.es of Exafe % TjX>79«> tlte Part of

DUTIES.

First Quarter, from 5 July 179 to 10 Odr 1795-

Second Quarter, from to Odr 1795 *

to 5 Janry

r Tea -....

_ . ] General -

Licences < Spirit Liquor - -

(Plate....

Comm'1 22 Fi'b'y f British.

1794. iForeign -

29 March 1794, Bricks and Tiles 6 April 1794, Paper - -

18 April 1794, Glass - -

r _ f Comm11 24 Feb \ Spirits foreign

1795 (Wine -

Total of Duties, except Malt, Ann' Anni Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry

Total of Scotland - -

Perpetual Duties -

Total of Perpetual Duties - -

Annua, Duties JSwI 1 - I

Total of Annual Duties -

40 12

2,000 —

1,000 --

4.000 —

4,959 8

12.000 —

6.000 —

12.000 — —

9.000 —

6.000 —

6.000 —

1.000 —

5.000 —

3.000 ——

1.000 ——

4.000 — —

77,000 —

1,000 -

78,000 ——

7.957.385 15

335,000 ——

532,944 ——

13,000 ——

1,500 ——

3,000 ——

3.000 — —

11,000 — —

6.000 — > —

6.000 — —

6.000 — —

o.oooo CoaC RcmCe‘

9.000 -

13,000 ——

3.000 ——

1.000 — —

7.000 — — 500 — —

6,0:. ——

85,000 ——

5,000 ——

90,000 — —

Total of England and Scotland -

8,292,385 15 2

545,944 -

8,838,329 15 2f

Third Quarter, from 5 Jawy 1796. to 5 Jpril 179 - Fourth Quarter, from 5 j prd 1 796, to 5 July 17 ()b. Total Net Produce of the Four Quaneis.

_ 40 12 —

1 I O O O # 1,000 5,500

MM — — — 3,000 — —

1,000 — — 2,000 — — -

5,000 4,000 — — 13,000

4,000 4,000 — — n,oooo — —

9,000 — — — — " 24,959 8 —

✓ I jOGO — 15,000 52,000

12,000 — — ' 3,000 27,000 —

_ 6,000 — — 24,000 —

— — — — 9,coo —

m — — — 9,000 — —

— — 2,000 11,000 —

10,000 — — 10,000 — - — 39,000

9,000 — - — 5,000 23,000

I, CCO — — 1,000

— I,coo 3,000

m J — 6,000 18,000

— — " " 500 — —

2,000 5,000

' — — 1,000 — —

9,000 — — 5>oco 18,000 — —

— — 1,000 I,coo —

2,000 2,000 — —

17,000 9,coo — — 32,000

97,000 76,000 335,000

7,000 - 13,000

104,000 76,000 — — 348,000

Excise Office, London, 30th Sepr 1796.

ja' Webb, Accomp' Gen1.

Ja' Browne, Comptr.

Vol. 52.

(C.) An

20° OBobris

A. i

{ c.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arifrng from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th 1796,

Consolidated Duties Insurance -Hats, 1784 -Burials, &c.

Plate -Stage Duty, &c. Medicine -Game, 1785 Attornies, 1785 Pawnbrokers Perfumery Add' Game, 1791 Bills of Exchange, 1791 Receipts, 1791 - .

Attornies, 1794 -Hair Powder Certif ', 171 Add1 Duties, 1795 Add1 Receipts, 1795 Sea Policies, 1795 Apprentice Duty -

£ s. d.

- - - - 736,801 11 5

- - 132,983 11 —

- - - 5>5°9 3 8

- - - - 3,086 5 6

- - - - 26,166 12 5

- - 196,813 6 2

- - - 11,657 8 7

- - 42«578 12 3

- - r 26,223 19 2

- 4>4°7 16 it

>9 5 —

- - 18,310 9 *

- 39,679 2 10

" 44,373 6 —

- - 9 503 13 6

155,098 5 —

- 3 >97° 15 8

3,538 - —

VJ V| VI 0 N 19 —

6,905 - ~ 3

c ,697,226 8 6

Stamp Office, Oftr 3d, 1796.

Rob1

Thompfin, Compt'.

(Or.) An

Account of Additions to Annual Charge of Public Debt, presented.

3 6 Geo. III. ao° Oflobris. 53

(D.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th July 1796.

Consolidated Salt - -

Consolidated Letter Money Letter Money, 1760 Seizures - -

Deduction on Pensions, 1721

1' - - D°--- on Salaries, &c. 1758

Houses and Windows, 1766 Inhabited Houses, 1779 Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711

D°.....1784

Male Servants -Horses -Four-Wheel Carriages Two-Wheel Carriages Salt A° 1796 -

First Fruits -£. 10 Cent. 1791 -

Tenths -£. 10 <$' Cent. 1796 -

Lottery Licences -

The Produce of Duties under £. i,oooo, within the same Period

Imprest Money repaid by Joseph Smith, Esqf - -

- - D - - by Lord Cholmondeley, for Work at Carlton House -

Money paid by William Henry Melburne ——

Money paid by Edward Roberts, Esqr, arising from the Residue of Exchequer Fees, for the Consolidated Fund - - .

Imprest Money repaid by Samuel Dreury, Commifiary General at Isle Dieu Fees of suppressed Offices, by William Chinnery ——

Money paid by the East India Company, arising from the Sale of Dutch Prizes ——

- - D° - - by the Commissioners for the Disposal of Dutch Prize Money -

Exchequer, 8 th Day of October 1796.

Ex'

Grenville.

c s. d.

4I2>597 10 11

159,000 — —

309,000 — —

i6>593 9 2}

46,951 —

3°»763 16 4

338,513 — 9

I39»5S9 7 Si

4>92° — —

10,500 — —

13,000 — —

92>721 2 ii

113,920 18 4 i

I55>955 3

42,894 7 61

16,000 — —

3»771 11 5

82,479 l5 2 i

9>938 M 3i

17,10s — —

1,748 2 8

,017,963 9 11

1,996 3 2 i

2,019,959 13 11

£. s. d.

I>777 10 4f

5.000 ——

2 3 ~

60,000 ——

1.000 -

109 17 2

250,000 ——

50,000 ——

367,889 10 6f 2,019,959 13 if

2,387,849 3 8

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, Yob. 52,

or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 George III. Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of July 1796.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

P A a

54

20° OStobris.

A. 1796.

An A C C 0 M P T of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC subsequent to the pafling of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13.; as required by the 72d Section of the incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year- ended the 5th Day of July 1796.

_ ___________________________________________________________________________________________ »

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Interest or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made, or any Annuities . which have been created, subsequent to the passing of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign- of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties c componng the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Ekchequer for the Payment of u Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt."

By Virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of £.187,000 was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of £.7. 9 . 9 d.per Centum per Annum, for the Term of 1? Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; the Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the fame, for the Year ended the 5th July 1796, was ——

By Virtue of one other Act of the same Session, thfi Sum of £. 1,002,500 was directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Claftes, and to be paid at the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities were granted, amounted to the Sum of £. 1,002,099); Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69! Years, from the 10th ORober 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His pr$fent Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, payable at the Bank of England, viz.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for One Year; from the 5th July 1795 to the 5th July 1796

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer for the Use of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the £. s. d. Treasury, for the Quarter ended the 5th January 1796 - - -.....12,232 13 7 *

Reserved also at the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th July 1796 - - " - 12,199 3

£ 42,8 6 2

s. d.

24,432 7 41

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to - - 18,429 13

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England, for the Annuities to continue 69 i Years, for £. s. d.

One Year, ended the 5th July 1796

The Charge incurred by George Attwood, Esquire, Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expence attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament ——

71

- 24,639 7 2

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended the 5 th 1796

To the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for managing these Annuities, in the Year ended the 5th July 1796 - - .

650 — —

880 ——

711 18 4

26,881 5 6

£ d-14,159 2 10

45,310 19 1

59,470 1 11

2'

By

36 Geo. III.

20 OBo

SS

DEBT by the Interest or Annuities of any Lc in that hath been made, or Annuities created, said Act: And also, of the PRODUCE of the several DUTIES granted for defraying the Charge

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Annuities granted in pursuance of the following Acts; An Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of " Annuities j" and of one other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes;" Part of which Annuities were, by an Act 30 Geo. III. Cap.45, converted into Annuities for an absolute Term of Years;

viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th July 1789, for One Year, ended the 5th July 1796 ——

D - - of additional Duties on Carriages, granted from D , for the same Time -

D - - of additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the ift August 1789, for the same Time ——

D — of additional Duties on Advertisements - - D - -

D° - - of the additional Duty on Cards - - - D *

D° - - of the additional Duty on Dice - - D *

D# - - of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates - D" - -

D - - of the Duties on Probates of Wills - - - - D‘ - -

C‘ s‘

16,751 17 — i

17 »3°I 5

38,274 2 7

11,442 8 —

5,106 ——

245 10 —

9,083 ——

27,091 10 —

The Amount of the Charges for Annuities, as on the other Side

125,295 12 11$ 59,470 1 111

Surplus of thcfc Duties in the Year ended the 5th July 1796

I-

65,825 11 —

Vol. 52,

A«?

5 *

ao° OBobris.

A. 1796 *

By Virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. the Sum of £.4,500,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793 j the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £.72 contributed and paid, to £. 100 Capital Stock, after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, amounting to £.6,250,000. and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32 and 33 Geo. II. and several fub-sequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th January 1793.

£ d.

The Charge in respect of the fame, for One Year's Annuity and Management, amounts to

190,312 10 —

In pursuance of an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is let apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of £.6,250,000. and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of ----- -.--

62,500 — —

252,812 to — .

By Virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 11,000,000. was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1794, upon the following Terms j viz.

The Contributors to be entitled, for every £.100 contributed and paid, to £. 100 Capital, at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5th January 1794, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year, ended the 5th July 1796, with £. 4,950, per Annupt for Management, amounted to -

And to an additional Capital of£. 25, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 10th October 1793, making a Capital Stock of £.2,750,000, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Capital Stock of £.4 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 21st and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year's Annuity, together with £.1,237.10J for Charges of Management, due the 5 th April 1796, amounts to ——

And also to an Annuity of iu. 5</. per Cent, on the said £.11,000,000, to commence from the said 10th Qftobtr 1793,10 continue for the Term of 66 J Years, and to be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities, which by Two Acts of the ill and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were granted for 09 and 98 Years, from the 5th January 1761, and the 5th January 1762 respectively, and then to cease; which Annuity for One Year, together with £.706. 8j. 1 \d. for Charges of Management, due the 5th April 1796, amounts to -

In pursuance of an Act 32 Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said £.11,000,000, in £. 3 per Cent.Annuities, and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of-- ——

And in respect of the Capital of £. 2,750,000, in £.4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the said Act 34 Geo. III. the further Annual Sum of ——

And also in respect: of the future actual Value of the Annuities granted for 66 I Years, at the End of 45 Years, the further Annual Sum of - - - - -

By Two Acts 34 Geo. III. for granting Annuities in lieu of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills, as were made out on or before the 31st March 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were to be entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of £. iox, in Annuities, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the 5th January 1794, whereby an Addition was made to the said Capital Stock of £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts of the 24th and 25th Geo. III. of £. 1,926,525. ns. 5 the £. d.

Annuity payable for the fame, together with £.866. 18 J. 8j for Charges of Management, amounts to - - - 97,1934 31

Pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 32 Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after the passing of the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of £. 1,926,525. 12 J. 5 d.and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for

reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of - 191265 5 — "

£. d.

334,95° ——

111,237 10 —

63,498 1 5 i

110,000 — —

27,500 ——

9,680 — — 656,865 11 51

116,458 9

C

773,324 — 9

By

36 Geo. III. 20° OEbbris.

57

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties directed by an Adfc 33 III. to be applied in Aid of the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Charge thereupon by the Annuity and Management on X 6,250,000, payable out of the said Fund; viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on British Spirits, continued by the above-mentioned Act, in the Year ended the 5th July 1796 -

- of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, continued by D#, for the same Time ——

D® -

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge

c

42,259 ----- -- *

.103,423 ——

145,682 — — 107,1:0 10 —

252,812 10 —

The Produce of the following Duties, granted or continued by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fourth Year of r he Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the inercafed Charge on the Consolidated Fund by Annuities, &c. established by several Acts 34 Geo. III. for One Year, ended the 5th July 1796.

I. s. i.

43.687 ——

103,221 —

The Produce of the additional Duties on British Spirits, granted from the 21st February 1794

D - - - of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from D® -

D® - - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerldhip to Solicitors and Attornies granted from the 5th February 1794 -

- - of the additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles, £. s. d.

granted from the 28 th March 1794 - - - - 52,903 — —

- - - of the additional Duties of Customs on Bricks and Tiles,

granted from D° ----- -- 254 12 8

D#

D®

D#

D®

D®

- - - of the additional Duties on Glais, granted from the 17th of 1794

- - - of the Duties on Slate, Stone, and Marble, granted from the 5th July 1794 "

- - - of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences to Distillers in Scotland

after deducing the Annual Sum of £ 36,000 - -

D — - of the Duties of Excise on Paper, granted from the 5th

April 1794 -.....149.183 — —

D® - - - of the Duties of Customs on Paper, granted from D9 - 4,148 13 9

53.331 3 9

75,000 ——

Deduct,

The Annual Sum directed by an Act 34 Geo. III. 20. to be set apart out of the Duties on Paper, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund

' Memium

The Incumbrances on the following Duties to satisfy the Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills issued for defraying the Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of the Forces in the Year 1790, having been discharged in the Quarter ended the 5th April 1796, the following Sums have from thence been applied to the Consolidated Fund; viz.

Of the Produce of the Duties on Sugar ——

D® - - - on the Stamp Duty on Certificates issued for killing Game -

D® ----- --of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, after deducing /. 128,600

carried to the Consolidated Fund ——

D® — - of the/. 10. per Cent, on Alfefled Taxes ——

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge

9.503 3 6

53» 57 2 38,406 — — 20,234 1 5

24,000 — —

78,33 3 9

3.3 6 6 51

1,781 ——

9,389 — —

43.545 7 5

458,573 5 2 *

3 4,750 15 6 *

773.324 — 9

Vol. 5 a.

The

20° OBobris.

A. 1796.

5

8

By Virtue of an Act 35 Geo. III. the Sum of /. 18,000,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every /. 100 contributed and paid, to /. ico Stock in Annuities, at /.3 per Cent, to commence from the 5th January 1795, and to be incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, £3 per Cent. Consolidated' Annuities, which were granted by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and by several subsequent Acts; and also to £.33. 6 s. 8 d.in Annuities, at £.4 Cent, to commence from the 10th October 1794, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £.4 Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of Parliament of the 20th and 21st Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and by several subsequent Acts; and by the said A ft also to a further Annuity of 8 s. 6d. per Cent, per Annum, for a certain Term of 65 Years and 3 Months, to commence from the 10th October 1794; and also, by one other Act of the same Session, to an additional Annuity of n. per Cent, per Annum, from the same Time, and for the same Term, making together 9J. 6d.per Cent, per Annum, and to be together incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, which were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th January 1761 and the 5th January 1762 (and then to cease) and were made Ohe Joint Stock of Annuities with certain other Annuities by divers Acts of His present Majesty's Reign: All which several Annuities, and the Charges attending the fame, are charged upon, and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund; viz.

The Annual Charge in respect of £. 18,000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, per , granted by the said Act, commencing from the 5th January 1795, including £.8,ioo per Annum for Management, amounts to ——

The Annual Charge of the said £.4 per Cent. Annuities of £.33. 6 s. 8 for each £. 100 contributed, making a Capital of/. 6,000,000, commencing from the icth October 1794, including /. 2,700 per Annum for Management, amounts to -

The Annual Charge of 9 s. 6 d. per Cent.per Annum on the said /. 18,coo,000, commencing from the said 10th October 1794, to continue 65 Years and 3 Months, including /. 961. 17 s. 6d. per Annum for Management, amounts to -

The One Hundredth Part of the said /. 18,coo,000, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. will amount to the Annual Sum of ——

The One Hundredth Part of the said £. 6,000,000 in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank, to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, will amount to the Annual Sum of - - ‘

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, to be issued to the Bank, and to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 65 Years and 3 Months, at the End of 45 Years, amounts to - -

£ s. d 548,100 — —

242,700 ——

86,461 17 6

180,000 — —

60,000 — —

12,835 — —

By an Act: 35 Geo. III. for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 30th September 1793> wh° should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of £. 108 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5th January 1795 j and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, established by the Acts 24, 25, and 34th Years of His Majesty's Reign, whereby an Addition was made to the Capital of £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts, of -

£. 1,609,897. \js. id.\ The Annual Sum payable in respect of the ' s' same amounts to ----- ---- 80,494 17 10

And for Management of the fame, the Annual Sum of - - - 724 9 1

i>i3°>°96 &

81,219 6 11

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the One Hundredth Part of the said Capital of £. 1,609,897. 17 s. id. pursuant to the above mentioned Act: of the 32 Geo. III. will amount to - - 16,098 19 6

97>3>3 6 5

jC#

1,2:7,415 3 ««

3 6 Geo. Ill

20° OBobris,

59

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated bund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 35 III. from the 5th 1735 to the 5th July 1796} viz. ' „

The Produce of the additional Duties on Wines, granted from the 23d February

795 -

D® - - of the additional Duty on Sweets, from - - - - D®

D® - - of the additional Duties on British Spirits, granted from - D®

D® - - of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from - D®

D® - - of the additional Duties on Tea, granted from the 16th March 1795

D® - - of the additional Duties on Coffee and Coc&a Nuts, granted from D®

D® - - of the Duties on Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, granted from the 5th April 1795 ——

D® - - of the additional Duty on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals,

granted from D° ——

D® - - of the Duties on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, granted from the 5th May 1795 - -

D® - - of the additional Stamp Duties on Writs, Agreements, Indentures, &c.

granted from the 5th July 1795 ——

D® - - of the additional Stamp Duties on Receipts, granted from - D® -

D® - - of the Stamp Duty on.Sea Insurances, granted from - - D®

r

The Amount of the Charges as on the other Side - -

Surplus of this Fund, for the Year ended the 5th July 1796 - - £.

£. s. 711,264 ——

i°>5°3 ——

46,718 ——

1

104,011 — — r

21 >935 ——

15,684 — —

70,536 10 5 *

4,630 1 4

155,098 15 —

38,970 15 8

8,538 ——

77,702 19 —

lA5S>592 1 5 1,227,415 3 11 228,176 17 6b

Vol. 52.

The

A

6o

2o° OBob

A. 1796.

By Virtue of an Act 36 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 18,000,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to,£. 100 Stock, in per Cent. Consolidated Annuities} and to an additional Stock of {..20 in like 3 Consolidated Annuities, the Whole to commence from the 5th July 1795 and to be consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts of Parliament; and also to a further additional Stock of /. 25 for each £.too so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at £.3 per Cent, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 pa Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from per Cent, per Annum to pa Cent.per Annum by an Act 23 Geo. II. and consolidated and made One Joint Stock with other Annuities by sundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 10th October 1795; and also to a further Annuity of 6s. 6d.per Cent. to continue for a certain Term of 64 Years and 3 Months, from the said 10th October 1795, and then to cease; and to be added to, and made One JointStock with,certain Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years, and by sundry Acts of Parliament with other Annuities consolidated and made One Joint Stock, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund: And by One other Act 36 Geo. III. the Sum of £.7,5 00,000. was also borrowed for the Service of the said Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 190 contributed and paid, to 100 Stock in the said

Consolidated Annuities, and to an additional Stock of £. 20 in the said £.3pa Cent. Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the 5th January 1796, and to be consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the said Acts 25, 28, 29,32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; and also to a further additional Capital of £ 25 per Cent, for each £. 100 so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at 3 per Cent, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the said £.3 pa Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from £4 to £.3 per Cent, by an Act 23 Geo. II. and consolidated and made One Joint Stock with other Annuities by sundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th April 1796; and also to a further additional Annuity of to continue for a certain

Term of 63 Years and 9 Months, to commence from the said 5th April 17 96, and then to cease.

The Annual Charge in respect of £ 18,000,000, together with the additional Capital of £.20 pa Cent, making together .21,600,000 in Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, from the

5th July 1795 ——

The Annual Charge of the additional £.2$ per Cent, in per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £.4,500,000, from the 1 oth Octob 1795 -The Annual Charge of the additional 6s. 6d. per . on £. 18,000,000 for 64 Years and 3 Months, from the said 10th October 1795 - -

The One Hundredth Part of £.21,600,000 in Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be set

apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act 3 2 Geo. III. for One Year, from the 5th January

1796 " "

The One Hundredth Part of £. 4,500,000 in Reduced .3 pa Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Gw. 111. for the same Time - -

The Annual Sum to be set apart at-the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 64 Years and 3 Months, at the End of 45 Years, from the 10th October 1795 ——

£ d.

648,000 — — .135,000 — — >

58,500 ——

216,000 — — 45,000 — —

8,460 — —

The Annual Charge in respect of X 7,500,000, together with the additional Capital of £. 20pa Cent, making together £. 9,000,000, in Consolidated £.3 pa Cent. Annuities, from the 5th January 1796 - -

The Annual Charge of the additional £.25 per Cent, in £.3 pa Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,875,000, from the 5th 1796 The Annual Charge of the additional 5 s. 6d. pa Cent, on £. 7,500,000, for 63 Years and 9 Months, from the said 5th April 1796 The One Hundredth Part of £. 9,000,000 in Consolidated £. 3 pa Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year, from the 5th Ju 1796 -The One Hundredth Part of £.1,875,000 in Reduced £.3 pa Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for the same Time ——

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for Years, from the 5th April 1796, at the End of 45 Years -

£. s. d.

270,000 — —

56,250 ——

20,625 ——

90,000 ——

18,750 ——

2,925 ——

By an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122. for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, such Proprietors of the said Bills as were made out on or before the 31st May 1795, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the ift July 1796, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in the said Bills, to the Sum of£. 105 Capital Stock,

attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum pa to commence from the

5th January 1796; and such Proprietors of Bills made out after the 3 lit 1795, and on or before the 30th September 1795, who should deliver up their said Bills to be cancelled before the ift July 1796, should be entitled, for every £ too contained in the said Bills, to £. 104

Capital Stock, attended with the like Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 pa Cent, per , to commence from the said 5th January 1796, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, at £. 5 pa Cent, pa , established by the Acts 23, 24, 34, and 35 Geo. III. and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; in consequence of which Act there has been delivered up in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, for which Annuities to the Amount of £.4,414,074. 4 . 6d. have been established and become payable at the

Bank of England - ——

The One Hundredth Part of . 4,414,074. 4J. 6d. in Annuities at £. 5 per Cent, to be set apart Quarterly at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. to be paid to the Bank of England to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, is, per Annum - -

1,110,960 —

458,550 ——

220J03 I4

44,140 I4 IO

1,834,354 9 — *

T

% 6 Geo. lit

6i

bo° OBobfis,

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts bf Parliament of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 36 Geo. III. from the Commencements of the said Duties to the 5th July 1756 j. viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, from the 7 th

1795 ‘ - ....

D - - of the additional taper Cent, on Assessed Taxes, from the toth October 1795

D° - - of the new Duty on Horses, from the 5th April 1796 *

D® - - of the additional Tax on D from - - - D® - -

D® - - of the Tax on Horse Dealers, from the 24th December 1795.

D# - - of the Tax on Legacies, from the 26th April 1796;

D® - - of the additional Duty on Wines, from the 17 th April 1796 6,79 f &£

D® — of the additional Duty on Sweets, from - - - D®.

D® - - of the Tax on Hats, from the 5th August 1796.

D® — of the Tax on Dogs, from the 5th July 1796 *

Reduction of the Drawbacks on Sugar (after reserving £. 280,029. 18 j. in each

Quarter) from the 24th December 1795 *

D® - - on the Allowance for Waste on Salt, from the 5th January 1796 _ - - i£,oob —

t-

19>431 " *

17,105 —

£0$ 12

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Yeas of His present Majesty's Reign, the aoth Day of October 1796, by

George R»Je.

t

Vol. f % .

Ordered,

Bill for railing' Men for the Army and Navy, committed.

Bill for aug menting the , Militia, pre-lcnted.

Committee on Paragraph of King's Speech, deferred.

Major General Nugent clefts for Buckingham.

St. Mawe Writ.

Mr. George Ellis elects for Seaford.

Westbury

Writ.

62 2.0° — Si" OBobris. H. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties of England, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in Cate of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Paragraph of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 6th Day of this Instant , which

relates to the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of We'ftbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said George Ellis, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Mr. Charle received a Letter from Charles Ellis, Esquire, informing setforl. him, that he had been called into the Country upon very particular Business; and that he, being chosen a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seoford, in the County of and also

a Burgess fopthe Borough of Warehain the County of Dorset, made his Election to serve for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wareham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 11 the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareh, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the said Charles. Ellis, El-quire.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Charles , Esquire, in- mouthfture.

forming him that he is detained in the Country upon his private Affairs; and that he, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, and also a Burgeli for the Borough of Brecon, in the County of Brecon, made his Election to serve for the said County cl Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for roUiil the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bree, in the County of Brecon, in the room of the said Charles Ef-

quire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Clty Wr t the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of John Scudamore, Esquire, deceased.

Veneris, 2i° die 5

Anno 36 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Major General George Nugent, informing him, that he was employed in Ireland on Military Duties; and that he, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Saint Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the said Borough and Parish of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Major General George Nugent.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from George , Esquire, who is now Abroad, informing him, that he being chosen a Baron . to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Stamford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ut the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right honourable Field Marshal Sir George Howard, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for u the electing of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Flint, in the room of Sir Roger Mojlyn, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Peterborough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Richard Beuyon, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Yarmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wm‘ the electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, commonly called Lord Charles Yownjhend, and Stephens Howe, Esquire, both deceased.

Mr John Pitt presented to the House, according to Artor's Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Allor: And the felted, same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

fc]

hlc.

TRu

f-'-tiOi

3 6 Geo. 111. 210 QB. £3

Castleton, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bury<Road?d Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of Petition. the several Parishes of Rochdale and , in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from or near the Guide Port, at or near a Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of Castleton, within the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place in the Township of Bury, within the Parish of Bury aforesaid, called Clerke Street, is in many Parts circuitous, narrow, much out of Repair, and incommodious, and that it would be of great Public Utility if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, and kept in Repair; and that a new Road from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captainfold, in the Township of Castleton aforesaid, to communicate, as well with the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Rochdale aforesaid to the Town of Man-clef er, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal at or near a Place called Blue-pits, within the said Townlli ip of Castleton, would be a great Benefit and Accommodation to the Town of Bury, and the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, the Lord Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

street incio-' A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

&re Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, certain Open and Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, lituate within the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parish, a certain Parcel or Tradtof Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, and also a certain other Parcel or Tract of Waite Land, called Turf Moor, lying open and uninclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Commonable Ground and Waite Land, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be riven to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rochdale, a Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of

Petition. the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Bury, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highway leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Townships or Districts of Spotland, Rirtle cum Bamford, Bamford, Birtle, Hoap, and Bury, to the Town of Bury, in the said County, is very circuitous, narrow, and hilly, and in so ruinous a Condition, that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass thereon without great Danger, and the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the diverting, widening, altering, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Kenyon Fold, to join the Hajling-den Road, at or near the Blue Ball Inn on , in

the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, and another Branch from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Vol. 52.

EJhit, to or near a Place called Heavy-Cate, and also an-, other Branch out of the said Road, in a certain Field called The Rushy Fields to a Place called The

Hill,both in the said Parish of Bury, will be productive of great Public Utility, very advantageous to the Country adjacent, and greatly promote Agriculture and Commerce; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Stanley, Mr Stanley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Petition ftwrt bridge was presented to the House, and read; Setting. she E;,rl o{ forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a, ainst the a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, for Trent and making and maintaining a Reservoir in a Place called 'i? /y0 anal Rudyerd Vale, lituate in the Parishes of Horton and Leek, See. BilL in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Canal from the Caleion Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford; and that the Petitioner is convinced that the said Bill, if paired into a Law, will be very iryurious to his Property and Interest: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect ium, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called 1 lie Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for lujpiyir.g the said Canals with W ater, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Malt Bill Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma- presented. jesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Biff be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Land Tax Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a BAprefcnteJ, Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Seryice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will not, before the Ad Resolutlon journment of the House for the Recess at Christmas next, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented titionju 1 to this House, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament, which are appointed to be taken into Consideration on any Day after the ioth Day of November next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for railing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Amvand upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in Navy,de-the several Counties of England, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in

that

v

Committee of Supply.

Estimates, &c. referred.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations,

General and Staff Officers,

&CS

Difference between BritifK and IrifliPay.

Troops in East India.

Recruiting for D°.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, Sc %

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies, &c> for Da.

Cloathing f< the Militia.

Fencible Ca valry.

Allowances, for D°.

64

2i° OBo

A. 1796.

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being, read accordingly }

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di redled him to report, when the House will please to re ceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Morning next.

jesty, be now read. Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was

And the said Order being read accordingly; directed by the Committee to move, that they may

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, have Leave to fit again.

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, from 25th December 1796 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His be referred to the said Committee. Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second serving at Gibraltar, in Corjica, and at the Cape of Good Reading of the Bill for providing an Augmentation to Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both in- therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause elusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- the same to be embodied, in same of Nedeffity, for the mittee. Defence of these Kingdoms, be now read.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Gene- And the said Order being read accordingly}

ral and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, The said Bill was read a Second Time.

iftll foratig *

menting the Militia, c

serving with the Forces in G Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1797 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Re- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

giments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th December said Bill.

1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1797, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four

said Corps, for the Xear 797> be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

co&fidcrtd«

Troops of Dragoons, and Nine Companies of Foot, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting port, when the House will please to receive the same, the Regiments serving in the East Indies, from 25th De- Ordered, That the Report be now received.

cember 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said

being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Re- had made to the Bill, and which they had directed cruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land him to report to the House; and he read the Report Forces, of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, and of the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Report was read.

Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Em- Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 31st Day bodied Militia, and of several Corps of Fencible In- of this Instant October.

fantry, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the-Blands Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said of Sally and Man,from 25th December 1796 to 24th Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall December 1797, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be re- be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Con- The other Order of the Day being read; tingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fen- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-cible Infantry in Great Britain, and of certain Allowing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing Men thereof, for the Year 17970 be referred to the said the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath- Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Mo-

ing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the tion, it being near Six of the Clock.

Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee. And he moved the House accordingly; and

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti-Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, tuled, " An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both " Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Impor-inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- " tation1 of Com, and other Articles of Provision, for 'mittee. "a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Pay-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of certain " ment of Duty," was read.

Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Pri- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-vate Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Great Britain, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the House, to consider of the said Act.

reported.

0d

ijf

sex

Mu

rt *

Ways and

Means, deterred.

Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, &c. to be considered.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

K

if

h.

tv. I

1;,

I.'

kc.

36 Geo. III.

2 40 Ociobris.

65

Astor Avom.

Lun&y 2 40 <//V OSiobris,

Anno 36® Georgii III'11 JR.egis, 1796.

PR A Y Ea.Si

QEorge After took the Oaths appointed, in order to

his Naturalization.

Heathcote 'r Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, being chosen a Knight ele TforLin- the Shire to erve in this present Parliament for the County of Lincoln, and also a Burgess for the Borough of GdtIon,in the County of Surrey, made his Election to serve for the said County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That !Mr.' Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gut ton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet;

colnshire.

Gatton Writ.

Mr.Ralkelefli for Devon.

Ashburton

Writ.

Order Tbrcon-fidering Mr. Macleod's Petition, discharged;

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills, situated on the River Churnett,in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Cal don Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Malt Bill, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for committed, the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting aa Aid to His Majesty by a j-"dTa Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Order foreon-lidering Mr. Botham's Petition, dil-darged.

Lawrence Palk, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the- County

o{Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Ajl burton,

in the County of Devon, made his El eft ion to lerve for the said County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton,in the County of

Devon, in the room of the said Lawrence Palk, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Norman Mu deed, Esquire, who petitioned this House upon the 8th Day of this tnstant October, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 8th Day of this Instant October, for taking the said Petition into ....

Consideration upon Thursday, the 10th Day of November -pha/ a jvu'mber of Land Forces, including Five thou-next, be discharged. fandTwo hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting

to Sixty thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five Effec- Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Peter Botham, tive Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers Esquire, who petitioned this House upon the 8th Day included, be employed for the Year 1797.

of this Instaht October, complaining of an undue Elec- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charge of D», tion and Return for the Borough of Guildford, in the That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hun-County of Surrey, had not entered into a Recognizance t]red and Five thousand Nine hundred and Five in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to His Majesty,

o A ,'Q- mo do 1 n f ko TTuroufir_oirrktly of tllC -C 1 D _. i. 1. ~ «£- C 1,/\t,fn nrl C -»

Guards and, Garrisons.

of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

for defraying the Charge of Sixty thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned

The Lords have agreed to

Teilolini's Nat. Bill.

Pet itions in fovour of Trent and Mersey Canal Relervoir,

&c. Bill.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 8th Day of Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of this Instant October, for taking the said Petition into the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of November Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to next, be discharged. be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding

Masters, and Serjeants, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to Act for naturalizing Gaetano Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

the Bill, intituled, An Teflolini; without any

A Petition of the Merchants; Ship Owners, and others, concerned in the Trade of the Port of: And also,

VoL.

;2.

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred and Eleven thousand Two hundred Thirty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in Cor-fica, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South W ales,including the Charge of the Pay of

the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-

S commissioned

Forces in the Plantations.

Difference between firitifli arid Irilli Pty.

TYoopi in East India, and Recruiting for D.

Recruiting Land Forces and Contingencies, &c.

General and -tats Officers, &c.

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies for D°.

Cloathing for the Militia *

Fencible Cavalry.

Allowances, &c. for D

66

34° OBohrii.

A. 1796.

commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paiymasters, Surgeons, Riding Mailers, and Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding Forty thousand and Ninety-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the British and irijk Pay of Six Regiments of foot for Servite Abroad, from the 25th Day of December 17 6 to the 14th Day of December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee) That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Three hundred Thirty-five Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Nine Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments faring in India, from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee) That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Three huri-dred and Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 17 9 7.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, hot exceeding Ninety-four thousand One hundred and Ninety-five Pourids and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Fifty thousand Four hundred and Forty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Islands of Scilly and Man, from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Two hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men thereof) for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twelve thousand Eight hundred and Eleven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-seven thousand Seven hundred Thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Ninety-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of fencible Cavalry in Great and the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps for the Year 1797-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 'that Leave be given to bring in a Sill for Mutiny BiH punishing Mutiny and Defer cion, and for the better ordered Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mi. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for railing House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His cavalry,"pre- Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and lented. ' to require the Military' Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in same of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for railing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t'lrut{'c upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the Navy, «te several Counties of England, and in the several Coun- ,<-rrcJ-ties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee)

Accounts or-cl ere J.

Navy and Via nailing Bills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Bills registered on the Course of Navy and Victualling, between the 31st of December 1795 and the ift of October 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Tran (port Account of all Bills ifftied by the Transport Office, and registered, between the 31st of December 1793 and the 1 ft of October 17961

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Loans 1795. Account of the Money received on the Loans 1796, on the ill of October 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Lottery 1796. Account of the Money received on the Lottery 1796, on the 1 ft of October 17961

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Band and Account of the Money issued on the Land and Malt Tax 1796, on the iftof October 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an vote of Credit Account of what Sums had been raised on the Vote 795-of Credit 1796, on the ill of October 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money ad-Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the by tIie

Public Service by the Bank of England, and out-(landing on the 111 of 0Bober 1796.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, It heTx-to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Par- portation ot liament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Expor- Corn' &c'

" tation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to " permit the Importation of Com, and other Article?

" of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships wfiatever, without Payment of Duty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Hobart reported from the Committee, That he

was

36 & 37 GeO. IIL 240 — 25° OElobris.

61

bf this Ihstant October, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday,the 17th Day of November next; be discharged.

tition.

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported From the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to , That the Order, made upon the 10th Day Day appoint-

move the House; that Leave be given to bring in a of this Instant , for taking into Consideration e con *

Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited; and amend, the Petition of Moses Barling, Peter Downton

an -Ad:, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- Thomas Mitchell, the Elder, John Matthews,

tituled, " An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn; and John EdJ'all, Freeholders of the Borough of DownMeal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Impor- ion, in the County of Wilts, at the farhe Time that the " tation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a - Petition of William WrightJon, Esquire, should be taken " limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Pay- into Consideration, be discharged.

" ment of Duty." Ordered, That the said Petition of Moses Barling,

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly. William Mowland, Peter the

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Eldef, John Matthews, and John Freeholders of

the said Bdrough of Downton, be taken into Cohfide-ration upon the 17th Day of November next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Acts for permitting the Importation of Organzined Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, to be coniidcred *

continue, for a Time to be limited; and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Adlo prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, " Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation " of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever; without Payment of Duty:" And that Mr. Hobart and Mr; Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in thfe Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for permitting the Impor:

A Bill for naturalizing George AJior, was read a Second Aftor' Nat. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on

tation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Adh forper Seed, into this Kingdom; in Ships or Vessels be- to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act of Orgmzined

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Kfean % deferred.

Order for considering Mr. Wrightson's Petition, difw charge 1.

for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown " Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Seed. u Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State " in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time," and also of an Act, made in the last Selfiori of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act for " permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown " Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in " Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State " in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr; Hobart reported from the Committee, That hi was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the Holift will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee. That he was directed by thfe Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk; Flax; and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to arty Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, 'continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act; made in the Thirty-fifth Yeat of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permittirlg the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That William Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State iri Amity Wrightson, Esquire, who petitioned this House with His Majesty: And that Mr. Hobart ahd'Mr. Ryder upon the ioth Day of this Instant October, complaining do prepare; and bring ih, the fame, of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

Downton, in the County of Wilts,had not entered into Ordered, That the Order of the Day, foi the House Committee on a Recognizance in relped of such Petition; according to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt Bill' to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth upon the Bill for continuing and granting to flis Ma-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

" An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said Com- Iaftruftion.

mittee.

" His Majesty, For a limited Time;" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue an Act for permitting the Importation of " Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into " this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any " Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for

a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Martisy 2 50 die Q&obris j

Anno 370 Georgii III'" Regis, 1796. PraVers.

" controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the xoth Day Vox.. 52.

#8

256 Qfiobris.

wA. 179 6.

'mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Jnstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to 'direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1797, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1795, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1797.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the 'Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment's thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same *

Ordered, That' the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lamiiux ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting an Aid to Hi's Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; instructions. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 179.5, out the Supplies granted for the Year

1797 *

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Army and upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in

N‘IV>' the several Counties of England, and in the several

Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Bart of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Bill reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, anti which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as §

shall be sufficient for the Dfe of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in case of Ncceftlty, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftnnftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for inrolling in the Militia, to be raised by an Act of this Session of Parliament, all Perfops to whom any Certificate hath been issued, under any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper, and who, before a certain Period, shall not deliver up such Certificates.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Paragraph of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 6th Day of this Instant which relates to the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of attempting a Descent on thel'e Kingdoms.

A Message by Mr. Qua me. Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers,- to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to a Private Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of -land, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for naturalizing Gaetano

Mr.

Bill for raising Provisional Cavalry, committed.

Inltruction-

iiill confided

ed.

Committee (Jit Paragraph of King's Speech, deferred.

ftoyal AlTent to a Bill.

it

i-iu!' y> cac-

ioL

dc:

37 Geo. III. 250 — 26°

Orpn/ined Mr. Hobart preferred to the House, according to

Flax im- Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited,

portation Bill, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign preicjited. of pjjs present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make; Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° OEiobris;

Anno 37 Georgii IIItU Regis 1796.

' Prayers.

'dt&l'for' IV jfR- Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Yarmouth. J.VX received a Letter from

Esquire, informing him, that he is unavoidably detained in the Country; and that he, being chosen a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, and also a Burgess for the Borough of New

OEiobris.

port, both in the County of Southam, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Jervoise Clarke Jervoise, Esquire.

Edward Rujhivorth, Esquire, being chosen a Burgels Mr. Rurti-to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of rYannmjk. Yarmouth, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, both in the County of Southampton, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Edward Esquire.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Account of the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; G ,°ftion of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to rented! pre" their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1796 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 26th Day of October 1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the ellimated Surplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

1

ji

Vol. 52.

An

1

1

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1796 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 2.6th Day of October

1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Estimated Surplus thereupon.

O

SERVICES.

♦'For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the ViGlualling thereof, for 110,000 Men, including 18,000 Marines, from the ift Day

\ of January 1796 - -

) For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1796 -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, lor the Year 1796 Towards discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

O

(Q

H-

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

0

0

?T

T'or Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For Ordnance, Land Service ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783, and not provided for by4 Parliament ——

- For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

c J in 1794 - - - -..... - - - - ' "

-§ \ For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in 1794 - - -.....- ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in 179? - - - -..... -....

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance previous to the 31st of December 1793, and not provided for by Parliament ——

r

To enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of ——

For defraying the Charge of 49,2 19 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Pay-masters, Riding Matters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from the 25th of December 1795 she 24th of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the Difference between the British and IriJA Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad, from the 25th

of December 1795 to the 24th of December 1796 - - ....

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Corsica, and a Corps of Foot in Kew Swth IKales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non comnnllioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Mailers, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from the 25th of December 1 799 to the 24th of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to the Regiments of Foot, on the like Service, from the 25th of December 1 795 to the 24th of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to the Innkeepers and others, quartering Soldiers, for the

Year 1796 - ----- --....

For the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1796 . ....

For the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces on an Expedition under the Commrnd of Major General Clarke, for the Year 1796 ——

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps,

and of draughted Regiments, from the 25th of December 179$ to the 24th ol December \ 796.

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at W ar, to the CommilTary General of Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expenses of their respective Offices, and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees tobc paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1796 -

o

P-i

£ J. d

5.434,000 624,152 I 8

708,400 500,000 — —

£ 280.000 — 875,488 14 d. 1

279 4 4

45,656 — 5

6l,000 8 9

762,046 13 6

210,194 1 5 11

200, COO j. d.

M$s>624 2 9

4 9

1,666,900 3 G

8,345 16 2

360,000 — —

— —

IOj.642 1 3

9,259 18 6

127,779 4 'i

«43i49° 3 S

SUMS Voted or Granted.

7,266,553 1 8

3,240,665 17 —

i-.9J9.SS9 «9- 8

Remains to be Paid.

£ s. d.

49$,093 — 6

280,803 17 4

96L1 -y mqoyo /jz

o

r

O

to *

p

eg' — + n' CD CL

cr

0)

o

eg,

?T

{For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1796

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of I tori'e Guards, for the Year 1796 ——

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1796 ——

For the reduced Officers of His Majestv's British American Forces, for the Year 1796 - - ....

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1796 -For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible infantry in Great Britain, Gutrnfy, Jcr~ fyf and the Ifieof Man, for the Year 1796 ——

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps of Ftncible Infantry in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, for the Year 1796 - - ....

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1796 ——

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1795 to the 24th of December 1796 ——

For defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, in the Year 1796 ——

For defraying the Charge of In and Out-Petitioners of Ckelfea Hospital, and the Expence of the said Hospital, for the Year 1 796

For defraying the Charge of Pen lions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the lame, for the

Year 1796..... .....-

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps raised, and to be raised, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1796 -

Towards defraying the Expence of completing the building of Barracks in Great Britain ——

To defray the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Paymaffer General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 1 794. to the 14th of November 1795, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by D°, from the )Jth of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclutive, and not provided for by Parliament ----- ----- - a -

Towards defraying any Extraordinary Expences of the Army for the Year 1796 . ...-

118,873 18 6

126 1 6

1.000 ——

52, 00 ——

7,500 ——

917,294 H 1

210.000 ——

108,53317 1

470,636 19 8

115.000 ——

i46i°57 4 2

10,933 16 9

438,035 3 2

290,000 — —

2,646,990 19 10

885 673 19T0 1,350,000 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the iff of January to the 3 iff of December 1796

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Niva Scotia, from the iff of January to the 311! of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunfusick, in America, from the 24th ot June 1796 to the 24th of June I 797

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the lffand of Saint John, in America, from the iff of January ;o the 31 It of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Jffand of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1796 to the 24th of June 1797

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the lffand of Newfoundland, from the iff of April 1796 to the iff of April 1797 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama JJlands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the iff of January to the 31st of December 1 796 ——

For defraying the ‘ :harge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermudas or Somers JJlands, from the 24th of June 1796 to the 24th of June 1797

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the lffand of Dominica, from the iff of January to the 3iff of December 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the to.h of October 1795 to the 10th of October 1796 -

To be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coaff of Africa ....

For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repair? of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1796 ——

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the Levant Seas, to be applied in afliffing the Company in carrying on the Trade -For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1796 ——

To the Trustees of the British Museum, to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament ——

To be applied in Support ol an Inffitution called The Veterinary College - -- -- ----....

To be ilRied to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Accompt of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1795

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duly, granted for the Service of the Year 1794, at Lady Day 1796 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1794, at MichaAmas 1796 ——

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as fluff be due on the 10th of October 1796, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Cefiion of East Florida to the King of Spain -For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereqpon as fluff be due on the 10th of October 1796, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to the Acff 30 Geo. III. for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Celhon of East Florida to the King of Spain -

ii,9°7 309 9 11,907,399 9 1°

7iJco

5-415 to O 0 1

4o-»0 —

I.iyoo 95°

i,8co

1,232 10 — — —

4)2C0 2,100

580

600 — .

5,241 2,620 10 —

20,000 — —

4o°° — . —

5,000 — —

3,000 — —

3,000 1,500

1,500 — 1>500

200,000 — —

2,347,95+ 10 9 500,000

196,939 — 4f — —

i4M9a 13 —

i97,8o3 5 99,31616 ni

53,387 7 6 25 3 4 ~i

7,100 ——

2,707 lQ —

4,55° ——

950 ——

1, Boo ——

1,232 10 —

2,700 ——

580 ——

600 ——

2,620 IO ---

20,000 ——

4.500 ——

5.000 ——

3.000 ——

1.500 ——

200,000 -

1.847,954 10 9i 190,9)9 — 4i 141,49a 12 —

98.486 8 6

28,072 11

Geo. III. 2 Octobm.

g

(Q

r — h

n"

CD

Q_

cr

To make good to the Civil List Revenues, the like Sum issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons -To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th of January 1795 and the Jth of April 1796 To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to John Wilmot, Esqr et al. for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France.

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to Thomas Cotton, Esqr for defraying the Expence of Allowances for Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - - - . *

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to John Fernon, EsqT Solicitor of the Mint, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for

Prosecutions relating to the Coin, in the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794. ----- -- ....

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to Edward Blacljkch, Esqr and Mefsr Eyre and Strahan, for preparing-for the Press and printing the 32d and 33d Volumes of the Journals of the House of Peers for the Years 1768, 1769, 1770, 1771, 1772, and 1773 ——

To make good to D°> the like Sum paid out of the same to Richard IVhallty Bridgeman, Clerk to the Grocers Company, for making up and- publishing in the London Garxtte Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. Iff, ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to George Whittam, and others, for their Attendance on the Committee for making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commodious, and orher Services ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to Samuel Gunnell\ for his Attendance on the Committee appointed to enquire into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to Franking of Letters in the Public Offices - -

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to Duncan Campbell, Esqr for the Expence of confiningr maintaining, and employing Convids on the River Thames ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to James Bradley, Esqr for the Expence of maintaining mid guarding Convids in Langston and Portsmouth

Harbours.....- ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to William Chiitnery, Esqr and William Pollock, Esqr for Expences on Account of the Settlement at

New South Wales - -..... ——

To make good to D , the like Sum paid out of the fame, in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution again# Warren Haftingf, Esqr To make good to D', the like Sum paid out of the same to George RoJe, Esqr and Charles Alexander Craig, Esqr for the Purchase of the Parliament Office, and for Contingent Expences thereof ——

To make good to D#, the like Sum paid out of the same to William Pollock, William Wickham, and Thomas Carter, Esqr3 for Expences and Allowances in the

Superintendance of the Alien Ad - .....-.....-

To make good to D°, the like Sum paid out of the same to John Mayor, Esqr (Superintendent of Stationary to be furnished to the Public Offices) for Stationary shipped by him for Upper Canada, according to the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury ——

To John Far hill, Esqf Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said

Commission..... -....

To be paid to the Bank of England1 to be distributed and paid to and among# the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, granted for the

Service of the Year 1796.....- - - - -..... *

For the Charge and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof, about To the Bank of England, for receiving, paving, and accounting for 25,500,000 in Annuities, raised for the Service of the Year 1796 -

To - -- -D°--- - for receiving the Contributions to the Lottery, and paying the Prizes, &c. ——

To - -- -D°---- for Discounts, on prompt Payments allowed the Contributors to the said Annuities and Lottery, about -

To pay off Exchequer Bills, granted by an Act 35 Geo. III. cap. 21, for the Service of the Year 1795 - - - - -.

To pay off Exchequer Bills, granted by One other Act 35 Geo. Ill, cap. 22, for the Service of the said Year 1795 -

To pay off Exchequer Bills, granted by an Act 35 Geo. 111. cap. 37, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. 2,500,000 u for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned" ——

For Intere# and Charges incurred in making out, paving off, 8cc. the said Exchequer Bills, about ——

To the Clerks in the Offices of the Auditor and Tellers of the Exchequer, in directing and paying the Orders made out for the Relief of American Sufferers, et al.

The Sum of £. 2,500,000, granted by the Ad 36 Geo. IIF. c. 31, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences for the Service of the Year 1796, and to fake Inch Measures as the Exigency of Affairs should require, was iffited to the PaymaIter General of the Forets.

.29,921 T2 6 233,485 4 IO

129,350 ——

500,000 -

12,000 -

2 ,547 J3 9 1,000 — — 220.200 — — 2.000,000 ——

1.500.000 ---- —

2.500.000 -

250,000 ——

1,160 ——

32,101,454 9

Si

WAYS and MEANS \mdisposeci of; v-a.

Of Contributions for railing £ 18,coo,coo by Annuities -Of - - D° - - for railing 7,500.000 by Annuities ' Of - - D° - - forraifii'S £ 780,000 l>v Way of a 1 ottery And to be raiftd on the Credit of the Cottfolidated Fund

From which deduct the Services unpaid *

Remain, is the Suertui of Ways ami Means -

,7 »t

3°4,°37 6

255 54 >8 3

1,500,000 -

2,500,000 -

25,830,676 10 io|

,69-9 4J 11 Ui

co 0,000 — i 2,000 — — 20.1147 '3 9 1,000 — — 220,200 ' 1,744,845 9

250,000 1, 160 — -

6,2:°>7/7 l8 5

£ S. d.

1,684,443 7 -1 / 4

2,421,663 8 —

413,216 3 si

2,177,000 — —

6,699,323 9 u

6,270,777 18 s

428, 45 10

a6° Oclobris. J. x 7q5.

0 WAYS and MEANS for answering the &me viz *

Cn s. d. A

2,000,000 — — By 4 per Lib. on Land.

750,000 By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1796.

10,000,000 By Annuities.

7,500,000 By Annuities,

780,000 By a Lottery.

3,500,000 By the Future Surplus of the Consolidated Fund *

34,530,000 Total Ways and Means.

34,101,454 9 li Total Services.

448,545 »° 8J

g

CQ

N

CD

CL

Mem ".

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

For the late African Company's Creditors ——

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. ig/. i\d.

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 4 \ per Cent. granted Ann 1785 - -

To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28 Geo. III. for the Relief or American Sufferers, and of Persons who have fulfered by the Ceilion of Eafi Florida, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1789 -

To pay D° made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1790 To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D® -

To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1791 To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 30 Geo. Ill, and charged on D° - -

To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1792 To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D°

To pay D® made out pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1793 To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D®

To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1794 To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D°

To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 28 Geo. III. and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1793 To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D° - -

To the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton, charged upon the Supplies Anno 1791 -

For the Salaries to the Officers of the Bahama JJlandry charged on D° - -

For Naval Services granted, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1795 - -

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, charged on D° - -

For the Chief Justice of Bermuday charged on D° -....

For the Charge of the Lottery, charged on D°....

For the Chief Justice of Dominica, to complete £. 600, granted Anno 1788 - -

For - D° - - - granted Anno 1791.

Frefented the 26th Day of October 1796, by

TV. Spear.

£ r d. 900 12 10

570 17 7i

683 17 3|

04

o

M

o

716 9 — i

47 3 7i

163 >4 \o\

240 €0

4 943 4 x0£

364 — 1

5 1 I

543 18

3,130 H

592 12 8 I

3,046 16 Si

623 — 11\

3,067 xi io| ]

1,600 — —

2,014 — —

97<W7 18 6

981,0x0 10

45 — — 1

1,400 — — 1

177 1 — 1

"5 1 5

1,980,488 16 >n

Ov

a

o

§L

04

179

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Heavy Gate-, and also another Branch out of the said' Table to be perused by the Members of the House. Road, in a certain Field called The Field, to a

Place called The Wood Tate Hill, both in the said Parish Aftor's Nat. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom of Bury, will be productive of great Public Utility.

Bill, reported, the Bill for naturalizing George Ajlor was committed Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the in Repair, the Road from Rochdale, through Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the and Birtle, to Bury, and for making and maintaining House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the' Three several Branches of Road therefrom all in the Bill in at the Clerk s Tablet County Palatine of Lancaster: And that the Lord Stan-

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring iri, the lame.

74

'26° OBo

Norwich and A Petition of several Gentlemen and Clergy of the hlr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Caftieton, fri Roads County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, was presented the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Petition? to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of Pemion?t»-leading from Magdalen Gate, in the City and County the several Parishes of Rochdale and Bury, in the County ported, of the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto fub-North Walfiam, in the County of Norfolk, lying in the feribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa-Parish of Saint Clement, in the said County of the City mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the of Norwich, and in the Parishes of Catton, Sprowston, House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Bafion Saint Andrew, Cr of wick, Frettenham, Stanninghall,with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat-

Horsead, Great and Little Hautbois, Coltishall, Scottow, ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report Sloley, IVef wick, WorJlead, and North Walfiam, in the the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and said County of Norfolk, being in Length about Four- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deteen Miles, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was Places narrow and incommodious; and that it would read; and is as followeth;

be very advantageous to the Public if the said Roads were put into good Repair, which cannot be effectually done by the present Means provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Magdalen Gate, in the City and County of the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn in North Walfiain the County of Norfolk, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. , fee.: And they are-to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rochdale, The Lord Stanley reported from the Committee, to Spotiand, and whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Vemion°re- holders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-vorted. bitants of the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Bury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Ferrand being examined, said. That the Highway leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Townships or Dil-tricts of Spotland, Birtle cum Bamford, Bamford, Birtle, Hoap, and Bury, to the Town of Bury, in the said County, is circuitous, narrow, and hilly, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness further said, That the diverting, widening, altering, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Kenyon Fold, to join the Haslingden Road, at or near the Blue Ball Inn on Bagfate, in the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid; and another Branch from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called to or near a Place called *

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition', Mr.

Charles Stott being examined, said. That the Road leading from or near the Guide Post, at or near a Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of ton, within the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place, in the Township of Bury, within the Parish of Bury aforesaid, called Clerke Street, is in many Parts circuitous, narrow, much out of Repair, and incommodious; and that it would be of great Public Utility if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, and kept in Repair.

And the Witness further said, That a new Road from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of aforesaid, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Rochdale aforesaid to the Town of Manchester, in the said County, and also with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called Blue Pits, within the said Township of Cafleton, would be a great Benefit and Accommodation to the Town of Bury, and the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Guide Post at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of Cafleton, within the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Clerke Street, and for making a new Road from

and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Cafleton aforesaid, to communicate, as well with the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal at or near a Place called The Blue Pits, in the said Township of Cafleton: And that Mr. Stanley and the Lord Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to streehIl?cl°' Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a £nted! 'pre" certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Tract of Waste Land, called Turf Moor, in the Panth of Street aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

57 Geo. III.

26° OBobris.

15

Exton and Cutcombe Inclosure Pcti-non.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Pari fa of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe and Cutcombe

Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cut, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parifa of Exton, and also within the said several Manors of Cutcombe Mohun and Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, divers Commons and Waste Lands, containing together 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon various Persons have, and are entitled to, certain Rights of Common in respect of their several Tenements; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present Open and Commonable State, are of very little Value, and it would be of great Benefit to all Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof assigned and allotted to, and in respectt of, the several Tenements having Right of Common thereon, and it would also be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent; before the said Committee, upon hi Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill; against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs; and Common Council Men of the Town of in

special Council assembled; was presented to the House; and read: Taking Notice of the said Bill, and praying that the same may pass into a Law;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the fable.

Petition in fa-▼our of Trent and Merfry Canal, Refer-voir, &c. Bid.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Port of Liverpool, Liverpool was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, lJ‘i0l-liifo[1|Pre<‘ That the Practice of Seamen deserting Merchant DefeitK>n of

given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Ships, in His Majesty's West India Colonies, and other inclosing the said several Commons and Waste Lands, Parts beyond the Seas, is become general, for the ex- ships, in such Manner as the House faall think meet. press Purpose of extorting exorbitant Wages by the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Gross, or Run, in other Ships homeward bound, which pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that have been in like Manner deserted; and that the ex-'

Mr. Stanley and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and ifting Laws are not sufficient to prevent this Evil bring in, the fame. . "

Aller Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Commonable Pastures, and Arable Lands, within the Parish of Aller, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parifa, certain Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Efti mation, 570 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon divers Persons have, and claim to be entitled to, Right of Com- continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties

in

Time of War: And therefore praying; That a Bill may be brought in to provide an effectual Remedy against a Practice so glaringly pernicious to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the Malt Bill, rt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ported'

mon, in respect of their several Tenements; and that there are all'o within the said Parifa, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation,

280 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein various Persons have, and are entitled to, divers small, detached, and intermixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation thereof; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Open and Commonable Pastures, if the same were divided, and the several Parcels thereof exchanged and allotted, and laid together: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, in such Manner as the House faall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Trent and Mersey Canal Rdervoir, Sec. Bill, committed.

Petition against, referred, and Coun<» icl ordered.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Rcfervoir for supplying the said Canals with Water, was read a Second Time.

Ref jived. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Major General F.gerton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the land Tax

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for report granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-Right honourable the Earl of Uxbridge, which was present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organ

fented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 52.

zined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom; in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved,

Oreanzlned Silk and Flax Imix>rtation Bill, com mi t ted.

Bill for railing Provisional Cavalry, reported, and re-committed.

considered.

reported.

"Ppty, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred,

Carmarthen Election Petition, conli-dered.

76 26° — if

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in same of Neccllity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly refolded into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive th£ fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die OBobris'y

Anno 37° Georgii III'" Regis, 1796. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John George , Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker

OBobris. . 179

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Bufinel's of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and On£ hundred and Three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar,

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six dalles, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Saint Saint

John being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Baker, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of William Pochin, Esquire, and Sir Richard Hill, Baronet, were drawn, who having sworn that they were lcvcrally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were exculed from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of'Pen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside. Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); and Six against whole Elections Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George was Astor's Nat.

read the Third Time. Blil> pjlkd'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George A/!or.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

James Lout her, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Mr. Lowther Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County wcitmulauit of IVedmorland, and also a Burgels for the Borough of

— . , o o

Haslemere,in the County of Surrey,made his Election to serve for the said County of Westmor

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iilue his Warrant to HalVmere the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wm. the electing of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hajlemcre,in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said James Lowther, Esquire.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Malt Bill, Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and PuUtd-Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Land Tax by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- Blll> p»<r« *

vice

3 7 Geo. III.

2 70 Ociolris.

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account of Amount of Old Duty on Britiiti Spirits, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Old Duty on Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending the ioth of October 1794, distinguishing each Year; and also, the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for the Years ending the ioth of October 1795 and the ioth of October 1796.

77

mencement of the said Act to the ioth 179 5, and from the ioth October 1795 to the ioth 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

predated.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Ti 7m! port their Order, Bdis,prcient.

An Account of the Amount of Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices,

The House being informed that Mr. Bartlett, from between the 31st 1795 and ill October 1796.

the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending ioth October 1795: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending the ioth OE 1794, distinguishing each Year; alu> the Amount of the Old Duty on Bri-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts ordered.

Corn imported, and Bounties paid.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of Order, Permanent

9 J axes, previ-

An Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent ous to 5 Jan. tish Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year end- Taxes which subsisted previous to the.5th of January '79'. panting the ioth October 1796. 1791, in the Years ending ioth October 1795 and 1796 £ '

And then he withdrew. respectively; adding thereto the Difference between

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. the Produce of the Duties on Home-made Spirits in

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the each Year respefuvely, and the Average Produce there-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. of in Three Years, ending the ioth of October 1794;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said and adding likewise the Amount of the Sums paid from Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Revenue of Customs on Account of Bounties for

Corn imported, or Bounties for railing Seamen.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the total Quantity of Corn imported into Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Great Britain since the Commencement of the Act of the Members of the House.

Bounties paid to Seamen.

the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to the ioth of October 1796, with the Amount of the Bounties actually paid in that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being re- Carmarthen

Account of the Bounties paid to Seamen, in the several turned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the ctionCwm-Ports of Great Britain, pursuant to the Act of the said Committee delivered into the House One of the pomted!P Thirty-fifth of His present Majesty, from the Com- said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel mencement of the said Act to the ioth of October 1795, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names and from the ioth of October 179$ to the ioth of Ohio- of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to

Quakers Relief Bill, deferred.

her 1796.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Nonpayment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts presented.

Bounties paid on Corn imported.

Bounties paid to Seamen.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearjon, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Bounties paid, from the Commencement of the Act of the Thirty-sixth of His Majesty, Cap. 21. on Corn imported into the several Ports ed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections. of Great Britain, to the ioth October 1796: And also.

An Account of the Bounties paid to Seamen, in the several Ports of Great Britain, pursuant to the Act of the Thirty-fifth of His Majesty, Cap. 9. from the Com-VoL. 52.

which last mentioned Lift, the Names of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John and Baker, Ef-

quire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Smyth, Esquire, Laurence Palk, Esquire, William Egerton, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, John Hiley Addington, Esquire, John Fane, Esquire, Samuel Robert Gaujj'en, Esquire, Nicholas Vanfitiart,

Esquire, the Honourable Horatio Walpole, Henry Esquire, Rowland Bur don, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, William Baker, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of John George Philipps, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Sele<5l Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appoint-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

X Vimens,

Jl

78

2§° OBo *

1796.

Veneris 28° die

Anno 37 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Dudley and

St ourb ridce Canal Petition.

fest Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Charles Torkc do prepare, and

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the bring in, the fame.

Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Mr. , Junior, presented to the House, ac- Ailer Tncjo.

forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Sixteenth cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the pre~

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners Open and Commonable Pastures, and forexchanging, were authorized and empowered to make and maintain allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable a Navigable Canal, fronp certain Lands belonging to Arable Lands, within the Parish of A Her, in the Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in County of: And the same was received; and the County of Worcester, to join the Stourbridge Navi- read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

gation,' in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, and, by several subsequent Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-third Years of His said Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners are authorized to make and maintain certain other Navigable Canals and Collateral Cuts, to communicate with the first-mentioned Canal, and the several other Places in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, presented to the House, ac- Extern and

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, presented. within the Parish of Exton, in the county of,

and also within the several Manors of Mohun

and Cutcombe in the Parish of Cutcombe, in

Salop, and Stafford; and, in order to enable the Pe- the same County: And the same was received; and titioners to carry on the said Undertakings, and other read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Purposes of the said Acts, the Petitioners are, by the said Acts, authorized to raise several Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of £.190,946; and that the Petitioners have made and completed the said first-mentioned Canal, and the Extension thereof authorized to be mads under the Powers of the said Acts of the Sixteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirtieth Years of His said Majesty, and

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within Haddenham Level,in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read;

H tdtknham, t'vc. Dr.iina£«5 Petition.

are proceeding with the said Canal authorized to be Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Thirteenth

made under the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and expended a very large Sum therein, but it will require a greater Sum than the Petitioners are authorized to raise, to enable them to finish the said last mentioned Canal, and to make

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King the First, intituled, "An Act for the eficftunl Draining and Preservation of Haddenham in the

" Isle of Ely," certain Commissioners therein named

were empowered to rate, tax, and charge, the Fens and Low Grounds, lying in Sutton, Haddenham, IVII-

and complete the Collateral Cuts, and other the Works burton, and within the Isle of Ely,

directed to be made, and to answer the other Pur- and County of Cambridge, containing 6,500 Acres, or poses of the said last mentioned Act; and that feme thereabouts, with certain Rates and Taxes therein Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made specified, and to make such Cuts, Drains, Dams, and in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave Outlets, and erect such Works and Engines, for may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable them to draining and conveying the Waters from the said Fens raise such Sum of Money, as, with the Money raised, and Low Grounds, as they lliould think fit, and to or to be raised, by virtue of the said several Acts, assign over the said Rates and Taxes as a Security will be sufficient for finishing the said Canal, and for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, for making and completing the said Collateral Cuts and making and erecting such Works of Drainage; and Works, and to answer the other Purposes of the said that the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the said Fens and Low Grounds, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due; and that the said Fens and Low Grounds may be further greatly improved, if additional Works of Drainage were made therein, but the said Rates and Taxes are insufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for making and supporting the said Works of Drainage; and that the Powers granted by the said Act have been found insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Fens and Low Grounds: And therefore puaving, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and for more effectually draining and preserving the said Fens and Low Grounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

6 And

Acts, and for making such Alterations in, and Amendments to, the said Acts, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

South Kor- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names rnnton inclo- are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, i.ia ctmon. interested in, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of South in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a nrani-

37 Geo. III.

28° Odobris.

19

And it is referred to Mr. Torke, General Adeane, &ci: Ordered, That this House be caiieci over upon Tuef-

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine day Morning next.

The Lords have passed

-Korn's Nat,

Bill read.

Accounts presented.

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That such Members as 111 all not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House:

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Monday, next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oil to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, siJkfand Flax upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, importation an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pressent Majesty, for permitting the Importa-

Loans 1795. Lottery 1796.

loud and Molt 1796.

Vott of Credit 1796.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, froth

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called tion of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Cofnmittee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereuftto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

to their Orders,

An Account of the Money received on the Loans 1796, on the ill October 1796: And also,

An.Account of the Money received on the Lottery 1796, on the ill October 1796: And also,

An Account of the Money issued on the Land and Malt Tax 1796, on the lit October 1796: And also.

An Account of what Sums had been raised on the Vote of Credit 1796, on the ill October 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Morning next. Papers of this Session.

Corrected

Estimate of Receipts and Payments by the East India Company, ordered.

Account, &c Ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Bills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a c XT,

corrected Estimate of Receipts and Payments made, Account of the Amount of Navy, \ laualling, and or to be made, by the East India Comnanv. in Enr- Transpor Bills, registered between the ill

or to be made, by the East India Company, in En?- , . ~ .

land, from the ift March 1796 to the ill March 795 and Vth with an Elti

1797; containing the actual Receipts and Payments from the ill March to the ill September 1796, and continued, by Estimate, to the ift March 1797.

mate of the Interest become due thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt. Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 30th September 1796;

Gruneifen's Nat. Petition.

A Petition of Charles Gruneifen was presented to the House, and read -, Praying that Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and the Lord Hawkesbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bin to con-timie Act to prohibit the Exportation cf Corn, &c. presented.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act made in the ft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the " tation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to " permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles " of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships " whatever, without Payment of DutyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. from pre/inted.

the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purftiant to their OtderS, >

An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered between the ift October 1795 and 27th October 1796, inclusivej with an Estimate of the Interest become due thereon: And al An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 30th September 1796.

And then he withdrew. ‘

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Account and Estimate ire as followeth; viz.

4

VOL. 52v

An

kU _

v

The Whole

General Total

£ 11,993,167 19 9

amounting to the Sum of Eleven Millions Nine hundred and Ninety-three thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence.

J. S. Hamond. O Hope. J. HenJloV), W. Rule, liar moo J.

OO

Navy Office, 28th O 1796. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered between the ift October 1793 and the 27th 1796 inclusive; i O

with an Estimate of the Interest become due thereon.

In what MONTHS Registered. ' Havy Bills. Victualling Bills. Transport Bills. total.

r. d. £ d. £ s. d. -5.

17 95. 0 Bober <m m- - - - 45i>7i3 18 8 273,087 11 6 262,135 18 5 986,937 8 7

November m m m m - 246,985 1 6 322,864 — 5 309,695 16 1 879,544 18 —

December m - 318,629 16 10 - 311,750 8 1 323,179 8 2 953,559 3 »

1796. January m m - - mm — 350,001 u 4 400,125 14 6 352,711 10 7 1,102,838 16 5

February m m, m m m ' 358.8 7° 5 8 363,226 11 5 276,042 15 3 998>i39 12 4

March - - - 3o8»358 15 8 286,043 6 11 126,806 11 1 721,208 13 8

April - «r . 383,107 3 1 394,523 12 3 141,264 18 6 918,895 13 10

May «h - 265,612 16 5 357,604 2 4 107,078 — 7 730,294 19 4

June «- m. m. w m - 386,077 9 7 378,009 1 10 168,057 19 4 932,144 10 9

July 315.643 14 8 323, JJ7 J5 5 176,840 11 6 815,602 1 7

Au - W . 325>474 5 6 278,980 ro 3 125,970 18 2 730,425 13 11

September 477,088 16 3 402,763 11 10 94,152 10 1 974,004 18 2

OB obey (to the 27th inclusive) m 495,200 4 1 301,158 — 2 174,869 15 10 971,228 — 1

Totals 5 - 4,682,763 19 3 4,393'254 6 11 2,638,806 13 7 11,714,825 19 9

Interest — — — — 278,342

U

<1

SO

Os

8° OBobr

37 Geo. IIL 28° OBo8r

Navy Office, 7An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter 28th October 1796. J mentioned, as it ltobd on the 30th September 1796.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES. Particulars. TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Extra Repairs,

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course c the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Tenders, supplied so the Service thereof - -For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made ou on the aforesaid 30th September 1796; as also to fevera Bills of Exchange - - - -To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordi nary and the Extraordinary ----- - For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishmenl made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf - f / ,r £- d-- 4>345.563 18 — t 1 280,476 16 7 365,676 — - — t I34.233 9 3 - £. S. d. > 5>I25»95° 3 10

Seamen's Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off - To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 30th September r 796 - -To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Suigeons Necessaries, £sV. 393,238 6 8' 959.389 4 5 183,641 18 9 . 1.536,269 19 10

Victualling, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1796 -For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - - - -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several Ports - - , - 31,604 8 8 " 4,165,367. 1 9 i5>932 — 9 \ 51,485 2 3 28,776 4 6 _ I 4.293.164 17 11

Sick and Wounded, as per Estimate received i from those Commissioners; viz. 1

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, fef on 1 Shore from His Majesty's Ships, at the several Ports, Prisoners 1 of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office - - 1 „ ' 92,083 9 9

Transports, as per Estimate received from those , 1 Commissioners; viz. 1

Due for Freight of Transports on the aforesaid 30th 1796, and other Contingencies relating to that Office For Mifccllaneous Services provided by that Office, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury - - - 1 For Subsistence, Bedding, and Cloathing for Prisoners in 1 Health - - - . -1 3,483,000 13 5 240,671 14 10 I 207,944 16 8 J 3.93 >6i7 4 if \ 1

There remained in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers, &c. 1 And also to Gome in from the Exchequer, on 30th September 1796, I of the Supplies - 1 533.583 7 — fl 1,740,069 19 — IJ 14,979,085 16 3 2.273.653 6 — i

The Debt of the Navy amounts to Twelve Million Seven hun- 1 dred and Five thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two I Pounds T'en Shillings and Two Pence Farthing - " — £ 1 t 2,705,432 10 2$

N. B. In this Debt is included the Expence of Transports between 1 ill January and 30 th September 1796, Prisoners, isle, under the Direction of the Transport Board - - - - I £ s. d. 2,218,629 10 2

And also for Victualling Land Forces, Army Victualling, I Payment for Cargoes of Neutral Ships, and Victualling the Ruffian Squadron - - - - -1 1,262,730 16 — *

: 3,481,360 6 2

N. B. As the full Amount of the Balance of the Supplies is abated from the above Debt — The Debt of the Navy will appear on 31st Dec' 1796, as much increased as the Three Months Expence may amount to.

Vol. 52. Y

Mem :"- — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 30tl1796, in Money,.as under-mentioned5 and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy. '

OO

o

eg' — +' n' CD Cl

Cr

o

o

o§

rv

In what Treasurer's Hands.

Right honw Isaac Barre

Right honM H>;

lft Treasurership.

Right honbl Charles Townshend -

Right hon 1 Dundas; 2d Treasurership.

Right lionM Hf Dundas; New Account.

In Money.

J In Money - - - *

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

f In hioney -

\ Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

J In Money - -

\Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

J In Money ——

I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

Jin Money -

I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

Balance, in the Hands of the Commissioners for Transports, as? per their Account - j

Mem 1? There remained, on the 30th September 1796, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies

r.

s On the Heads of \ TOTAL.

r_ Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen's Wages. \ Victuals.

& d. £. s. d. £' d. £. s. d.

" 3>z89 9 to 2,563 10 — 1017 9 8'5 4i J 5,952 2 a if

3,602 11 iij 1,728 12 iof 10 14 11 116 n. 3t 5,458 *

z>893 5 4 140 15 2f 44 19 6 643 17 i| £ 3,722 17 2}

3»355. 3 — 22. 6 3 — 2 3f 501 9 10 £ 3.879 1 4i

307,115 n; 8f 35.495 8 7I 21,778 9 10 29,402 5 6| 483.79 5 8f

320,256 1 uf 161,795 17 af 30,752 9 if 512,804 8 3f

20,778 18 9 20,778 18 9

34i >035 — 8f ..... 1 6l,795 17 2t 30,752 9 if 1 5 3 3.5 s 3 7 — i

1 1 cr, of the Supplies 1,740,069 1 s. d. 19 — i

A. S. diamond.

f IfE

t E-ff

OBobris. A. 1796.

37 Geo. III.

28° — 31

OBobrk.

Committee of Supply.

Account of Exchequer Bills, referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," be referred to the said Committee Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions i which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted t)ie House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

and found that the said Petition is hot within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.' Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Quakers Relief Bill, com joined *

Committee on Paragraph of King'sSpeech, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Nonpayment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 10th Day of November next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Paragraph of His Majesty's most

Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that the said Company were empowered to make a Navigable Canal from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of to join the Stourbridge Navigation, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford; and by several liibfequent Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-third Years of His said Majesty, the said Company were authorized to make certain other Navigable Canals, and Collateral Cuts, to communicate with the said first-mentioned Canal, and the several other Places in the said Acts described, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

It further appeared that the said Company, in order to carry on the said Undertakings, and other the Purposes of the said Acts, were authorized to raise several Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole £. 190,946: And,

Mr. Thomas Brettell being examined, said, That the said Company have made and completed the said first-mentioned Canal, and the Extension thereof, authorized to be made under the Powers of the said Acts of the Sixteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, and are proceeding with the Canal authorized to be made under the said Act of the Thirty-third of His said Majesty, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and have expended a large Sum of Money therein; but it will require a greater Sum than the Company are authorized to raise, to enable them to finish the said last mentioned Canal, and to make and complete the Collateral Cuts and other the Works directed to be made by the said Acts.

And the Witness added, That it will benecefiary that some Alterations and Amendments should be made to the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley

Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon Canal, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing

Ways and Means, deferred. '

the 6th Day of this Instant , which relates to

the Enemy's having manifested an Intention of attempting a Descent on these Kingdoms.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 'Supply granted to His Majesty.

the said Canal, and for amending the several Acts relating thereto: And that Mr Lygon and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dudley and Stourbridge CanalPetition, reported.

A Petition of the Manufactureers of Earthen Ware, in whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Flint And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- and other Mills, situated in the Neighbourhood of the ing next. Ten of the Clock. Staffordshire Potteries, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water: And praying That the said Bill may pass into a

Petitions In favour of Trent and Meriey Canal, Relervoir, 6ca Bill *

Luna, 310 OEiobris;

Anno 370 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, Vot. 52.

Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the T ble.

A Petition

t

84 ' 31 ° OSobris. A. 1796.

Petition re- A Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Demand1 James Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry, and the Chunter, &c. humble Petition of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter ©t Lttcliiieid. 0p tjje Cathedral Church of Litchfield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the " Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral " Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deaniy " and Prebends in the said Cathedral Church," it was (amongst other Things) made lawful to and for the Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry, for the Time being, to confer Two or Three Prebends of the Cathedral Church of Litchfield on one and the same Person, provided that the Person, collated to such Second or Third Prebend, should be obliged to perform such Ref.dence as the local Statutes of the said Cathedral Church lliould require, he hating a Prebendal House in the Close, wherein to relidc, and that the Prebends, lo united, should for ever continue together, and, with the House, be from Time to Time conferred upon one and the same Person; and that successive Bishops of Litchfield and Coventry, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, have confuted Two Prebends upon each of Four of the Prebendaries of the said Church, who have been since called Canons Residentiary of the new Foundation; but, inasmuch as the said Act did not direct, that the Prebendaries, who might have Two Prebends conferred upon them by virtue of the said Act, should have a Vote in the Chapter of the said Cathedral Church, consisting of the Dean and Four Canons Residentiary of the old Foundation, nor any Participation of the common Revenues of the said . Chapter, they have never been admitted Members of the Chapter of Dean and Canons Residentiary, or to a Participation of the common Revenues of the said Chapter, and the Dean and Four Canons Residentiary of the old Foundation, or the Majority of them, have continued to do all Acts of the Chapter of Dean and, Canons Residentiary, exclusively of the Prebendaries now called Canons Residentiary of the new Foundation; and the Petitioners conceive it expedient, that all who are Canons Residentiary of the said Cathedral Church should be Members of the said Chapter of Dean and Canons Residentiary, and have an equal Interest in all the Concerns of the said Cathedral Church, but the common Revenues of the said Chapter of Dean and Canons Residentiary are too small and insufficient even for the Maintenance of Four Canons Residentiary; and that an equal Participation among the Canons Residentiary of the said Cathedral Church, of the common Revenues of the said Chapter of Dean and Canons Residentiary, might conveniently take place, if the whole Number of Canons Residentiary were fixed to be Six (which was the Number of Canons Kefiden-tiary anciently) and an Addition were made to the Income of the Canons Residentiary of the old Foundation; and that Doubts may arile, whether Elections and other Acts, done by the Dean and Chapter, consisting of the Dean and Four Canons Residentiary of the old Foundation, are the Acts of the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral Church, and the Petitioners conceive the same should be declared valid, and that all Acts which shall be hereafter done by the Dean and Chapter aforesaid, until the Regulations before-mentioned take Efieft, should be deemed good and valid in Law; and that the Fund, called The Fabric Fund, which is appropriated to keeping in Repair the Cathedral Church of L aforesaid, has been found

very insufficient, and several large Sums of Money have been lately expended in the Repairs of the said Cathedral Church, and considerable Sums are now due and owing on the Credit of the said Fund, the common and ordinary Revenues whereof are very inadequate to the Discharge of the Sums so due, and to the necessary 8

Repairs of the said Church; and that tire Petitioners conceive it is expedient and proper that the said Fabric Fund should be improved and augmented; and that there is no Building specially appropriated for the Registry of the Dioceie of Litchfield and , and for

depositing the Wilis and Muniments within and belonging to the said Dioceie, and the Petitioners conceive it is of great Importance that there should be a lafe and sufficient Building appropriated for those Pur-' poses: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to repeal Part thereof, and for other the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Karl Gozver Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet To- morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Oftkton, Order, a Bill for amending,.widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or Billipiei'eutei. near the Guide Polt at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of C within the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lav.casier, to the North Eastcrly End of a certain Street or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Clerke Street, and for making a new Road, from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Cafi let oh aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Mane heft er,in the said County, as also with the Rockdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pits, in the said Township of Cafileton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Rochdale, Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, frnprov- ,

ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from , ijH prcknted.

through Bam ford and Birt/e, to Bury, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Holliday, of Linco Esquire, petition of and the several other Persons, whole Names are there- Jv,‘-unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; -jr(nt'-uid Setting forth, That, under the Powers of an Act, of Mcricy ('anal, the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Re *

" pair, the Road from Fofibrook,in the Parish of lorn, and from thence to or near to in the County of Stafford," the Petitioners have expended the Sum of £.1,400 in making the said Road, which communicates with the Leek Turnpike Road, and thereby constitutes a good Road for suppiy ing the Town of Leek with Coals by Land Carriage; and that the Tolls taken at the DillontTurnpike Gates are, within the last Four Years, become adequate to pay the I11-terest of the said Sum of £. 1,400, and confilt principally of small Tolls paid for the Carriage of Coals; and that the Petitioners find Application is made to the House for a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Canal, within

37 Geo. III.

31° OBo

8$

the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford ;and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water; which, if obtained, will efientially injure, as the Petitioners conceive, the Securities they now possess for the said Sum of £. 1,400: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by

be of great Benefit and Security to all Persons who do or may inhabit any of the Houses built or to be built upon the said Piece of Ground, and to all Persons who shall pass along the said Streets, and public Passages: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring; in a Bill for effecting the several Pur-

Petition of certain Ptr-/ons a"3 inil Trent and Mersey Canal, Reservoir, &c. Bill.

their Counsel, and Agents, against the said Bill, and poles aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and subject that the same may not pass into a Law in its present to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House Form. shall think proper.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law shall appear to them, to the House: as it now Hands, it will be very injurious to them, and And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byngi

their Property and Interest: And therefore praying, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Petition of Owners of XMls&c.upon The Dove, auainlt D°

BUJ.

dented.

10-

Petition of

Lessee': of Trent Navigi tion, igainic IP Biff.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of

the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of of ConOm Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called ported, pre-

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the total Quantity of Corn imported into Great Britain, since the Commencement of the Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to the 10th October 1796,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may hot pass into a Law as it now Hands.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills,

Forges, and other Works, upon the River Dove, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, it will greatly injure them in their Property: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Lessees for Lives of the Navigation of the River Trent,from Wilden Ferry, in the to be perused by the Members of the House.

County of Derby, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, The said Account is preserved amongH the other

in the County of Stafford, from and under the Right Papers of this Session:

honourable Henry Earl of Uxbridge, was likewise pre- ,

iented to the House, and read; containing the same The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Allegations as the laH preceding Petition: And pray- the Directors of the India Company, attended at ing. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun- the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented fel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not to the House, pursuant to their Order, pass into a Law;

And the First, Third, and Fourth-mentioned Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Second-mentioned Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to Whom thd said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition

Ran eras Pav-ng Petition.

A Petition of Elizabeth Doughty, of Bedford Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the County of Midd/efex, Spin Her, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a certain Piece of Ground, situate on the West Side of Gray's Inn Lane, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the said County, containing, in the Whole, Seven Acres, or thereabouts; and that Henry Doughty, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner's late Father, did, some Time before his Death, enter into Agreements with divers Persons for laying out proper Streets, and building Houses over and upon certain Parts of the said Piece of Ground, and several Streets have been

A corrected Estimate of Receipts and Payments made, or to be made, by the East India Company, in England, from the ill; March 1796 to the ill A 1797; containing the actual Receipts and Payments from the ift March to the ill September 1796, and continued, by Estimate, to the ift March 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read:

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Corrected Estimate bf Receipts and Payments by the East India Company,pre fented.

Report Sud-ply.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol- 1 loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy> vi&u-That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to Traifiport satisfy all the Bills payable in Course of the Navy, Bills. Victualling? and Transport Offices, which were made

set out, and Houses built thereon, accordingly, and out on or before the 27thDay of 1796,amounting

some Leases granted, and the Petitioner proposes to let the Remainder of the said Ground for the like Purposes; and that, if the several Streets, and other public Passages, which have been already set out, and which may hereafter be set out, upon the said Piece of Ground, were properly paved, cleansed,

to the Sum of Eleven Millions Nine hundred Ninety-three thousand One hundred Sixty-leven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exche utr That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of

lighted, watched, and watered, and kept free from all an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti-Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, it would tuled, " An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Vol. 52. " Swm

Organzined Siik, and Fhx Iniportatiou Bill, rt ported.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Account of Navy, Vi u-aUing, and Trunlport and

Eltiirutfe of Navy Debt, rderred.

Bill for augmenting the Militia, recommitted.

considered.

86

31® QBobris. — 1° Novembris *

A. 179

" Sura of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, vVere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk; Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment wasTwice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered between the ift October 1795 and 27th October 1796, inclusive, with an Estimate of the Interest become due thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 30th September 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported fron the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and ex-crciled in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in cale of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr» Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties of England, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons therein dclcribed, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill forreifing Men for the Army and Navy, dc -ferrtd.

B'll for railing ProvisionalCa-valry,del erred.

Supply deferred.

Mart is, i° dieNovembris;

Anno 37 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- southwnrk tion the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, com- Election Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Bull nets of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And several Members present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and One of them having delivered in an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualifica- . tion, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Tv.'a hundred and Seven Members, and upwards, being present;

And the Counsel being called in;

The Petitioner and his Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, appeared at th,e Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the Uid Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put iota Six Qlalfcs, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And

37 Geo. Ill

Novembris.

87

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were And the said Fifteen. Members, being the Select drawn, who were not objected to Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of

And the Name of William Dundas, Esquire, being George , Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Two other Members, then pre ' lent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Major General Lake being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse, that he was now under immediate Orders for Service, out of Great Britain; and the Substance of what was alledged being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was ex-culal from serving on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Confederation Malmeftuiy the Petition of James John Najjar, Esquire; and also, Eleaion Pea-

1 r . r \ t y r 1 1 A rrn tlOnS, COnfl-

the retition or the there-underngned the Aiiiltant dered. Burgesses, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the Borough of Malmejburyin the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return

And the Name of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, being for the said Borough, being come;

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Petitioner.

And the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Edward Baronet,

One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, being drawn, he delired, that the Petition of the there-undersigned Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for Fihner Houywood, Esquire, at the last Election of

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One,

Members to serve in Parliament for the said County,- hundred and Ninety-nine Members being present;

presented to this House on the 20th of October last, and complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read, in order that the House might determine whether he was eligible to

serve on the said Select Committee; and the said

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. And the Door of the House being locked;

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of

Petition being read; and it being the Sense of the House, the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and

that the said Petition did not complain of the Return of Sir Edward Knatchbull, his Name was let down in the Lift of Forty-nine.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of the drawing the said Names, the Name of Richard , Esquire, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn and li t aside. Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Six against whole Elections Petitions were depending; and One as then serving on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Petitioner, and to the Counsel for the Sitting Member;

drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Manners Sutton, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that, being Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, he conceived it would be attended with material Inconvenience to the Public Service, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him, being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Thirty-six other Members, then

and the Door of the House being opened, the Peti- present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

tioner, and the Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

The Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of William Dundas, Esquire, and Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

George Pocock, Esquire, Christopher Athinfon, Esquire,

the Earl Gower Sutherland, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, the Honourable Orlando Bridgeman, Thomas Drake Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Matthew Gregory Lewis, Ef-, Lord Viscount Belgrave, Sir John Frederick, Ba-

Note, That in the Course of drawing the Taid Names, the Name of William Evelyn, Esquire, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside, Five on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Nine against whole Elections Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Six as then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated John For-

quire, ——

ronet, Thomas Grenville, Esquire, Sir Edward Knatchbull,dyce, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

Baronet, James Wildman, Esquire, John CreJJ'et Pelham, And Lifts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered Esquire, William Dundas, Esquire, Samuel Whitbread, to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, Esquire. . l and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Vol. 52. The

88 I ° Novembris. A. 17 y6.

Call deferred. The Order of the Day, for the Call 0 the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Lords A MefTage'from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

have agreed to Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

Lm<l Tax The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill. for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,.

to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; without any Amendment; And also,

Walt Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a Time to be exhibit the limited, and amend, an Act made in the last Session of Exnortation Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Ex-

tomm'medC' " Portar'ori of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and " to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships " whatever, without Payment of Duty," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

OrganrmM An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be li-Jmo ation mi ted, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Bill, paired. Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

R?t>ort Ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Navy, viftu- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, aiimr;, and Tint all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any

Bills! P°rt Bills payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and

Transport Offices, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1793, who shall, on or before the 7th Day of November 1796, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, to the 16th Day of December 1796) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's

Navy, to be tharked or certified by him, or his Pay-master or Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, at their Option, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to certain Capital Stock, in either of the Annuities herein after mentioned, for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Sum, that is to say, to One hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of 1796, or to One hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1796, or to One hundred and Nineteen

Pounds and Eleven Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, which Annuities shall be payable Half Yearly; in lieu of all other Interest, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, and be'redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as either of the said Annuities, already established, are now redeemable by Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy, vi u That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and gau!ru Transport Offices, which were made out after the 31st Day of December 1795, and on or before the 30th Day of April 1796, who shall, on or before the 7th Day of November 1796, cariy the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, to the 16th Day of December 1796) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certified by him, or his Paymaster or Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, at their Option, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to: certain Capital Stock in either of the Annuities herein after mentioned, for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Sum, that is to say, to One hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5U1 Day of July 1796, or to One hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds Centum per Annum, to commence from the iotli Day of October 1796, or to One hundred and Eighteen Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, which Annuities shall be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, and shall be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same 'Time, and in like Manner, as either of the said Annuities, already establillicci, are now redeemable by Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion af this Committee, D\

That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, which were made out after the 30th Day of April 1796, and on or before the 31st Day of July 1796, who shall, on or before the 7th Day of November 1796, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed, and marked upon the said Bids, at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, to the 16th Day of December 1796) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certified by him, or his Paymaster, or Calbier, to the Governor

i° Novemhris.

37 Geo. IIL

vemor artd Company of the Bank of England, shall) at their Option, be entitled, in respect: of the fame, to certain Capital Stock in either of the Annuities here inafter mentioned, for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, that is to say, to One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, or to One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of Obtob 1796, or to One hundred and Seventeen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5 th Day of July 1796, which Annuities shall be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as either of the said Annuities, already established, are now redeemable by Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, which were made out after the 31st Day of July 1796, and on or before the 27th Day of October 1796, who shall, on or before the 7th Day of November 1796, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed, and marked upon the said Bills, at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, to the 16th Day of December 1796) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certified by him, or his Paymaster or Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, at their Option, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to certain Capital Stock in either of the Annuities herein after mentioned, for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Sum, that is to say, to One hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, or to One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds One Shilling and One Penny, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per to commence from the xoth Day of October 1796, or to One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, which Annuities shall be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as either of the said Annuities, already established, are now redeemable by Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person interested in, or entitled unto, any Exchequer Bill or Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise " the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," who shall, on or before the 7th Day of November 1796, carry the same to the Office of the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, shall have, in Exchange for the fame, a Certificate or Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, and also the Interest computed thereupon to the 16th Day of December 1796, which Certificate or Certifi-

Vol. 52.

bates shall, at the Option of the Bearer or Bearers thereof, entitle such Person or Persons to certain Capital Stock in either of the Annuities herein after mentioned; for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, that is to say, to One hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, Capital Stock, in Annuities; after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per; to commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, or to One hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of -her 1796, or to One hundred and Eighteen Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, Capital Stock, in Annuities; after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cen-. turn per Annum, td commence from the 5th Day of July 1796, which Annuities shall be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as either of the said Annuities; already established, are now redeemable by Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon; and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolutions being federally read a Si rend Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought iil upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of , Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. John 'Thomas Towr.Jhend, Mr. John Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General; Mr. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order; reported from the Bill for aug-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 'liria re- providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be porttd/ trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; m at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time,-upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and others were, with Amendments td several of them, agreed to by the House;

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Malme/burjr returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend commktee the said Committee delivered in to the House One appointed, of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members, then remaining unftruck,) to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Thomas Manners Sutton, Esquire, and John Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton, Baronet, William Gore Langtort, Esquire, William Manning, Esquire,

William Morland, Esquire, Sir James Stewart Denham,

Baronet, the Honourable Evelyn the Honourable Andrew Foley, Mark Pringle, Esquire; Jcfepk Holden Slruft, Esquire, Edward Burrow, Esquire, Evan Nepean, Esquire, William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire,

Miles Peter Andrews, Esquire, Thomas Manners,

Esquire, John Fordyce, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members; being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of James John Vajjar, Et'quire 3 artd also, the Petition of the there-undersigned, the Assistant Byfgefles, Bur-

A a gdfes.

j

9o

6

I ----- 2

Novembris.

A. 1796.

geffes, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the case of Neceflify, for the Defence of these Kingdoms: Borough of Malme/bury, in the County of Wilts, were And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord

Hawk efbury, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. ,do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Other Order of the Day being read, for taking Bill For raising into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Navy, re-railing a certain Number of Men, in the several Coun- committed.

Further Proceeding on Report of Bill for augmenting the Militia *

sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents were di redted to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

ties of England, and in the several Counties, Stew-

Theh the Residue of the Amendments made by artries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Britain called for the Service of His Mi-

Bill for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, jesty's Army and Navy, was committed; to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein di- And the House being informed that several other rented, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

..... Bill; '

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

fame to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was re-committed, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dii'agreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-reifling, That Persons should not be rejected as Substitutes on Account of the Number of their Children.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added, to the Bill, for allowing Persons, after their being enrolled, to provide Substitutes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

lngrolled.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Twelve of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Petition of John Holliday, of Lincoln's Inn, Certain Peti- Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names T mand are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Meriry Canal, the Owners and Occupiers of lills, Forges, and other { read' &c‘ Works, upon the River Dove-, and also, the Petition again, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto referred, subscribed, Lessees for Lives of the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, from and under the Right ho-

trom

nourable Henry Earl of which were Yesterday

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then the Table, were again read.

ingrossed. Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation Cavalry, again into further Consideration the Report from the Com- from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable recommitted, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Cavalry, and to require the Military Sendee of Per- Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County Tons therein described, to be embodied, in case of of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was Canals with Water, is committed; and that the Pe-re-committed, be now read. titioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before

And the said Order being read accordingly; the- said Committee, upon their laid several Petitions,

And the House being informed that some further if they think fit.

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Bill; mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the n ,-, 7 rn, L-. i-- r.-.j r»:n 1 said Petitions.

Inftniftion to turn the Bill into Two.

Bill considered.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2° die Novembris;

Anno 37 Georgii III'" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

AMeffage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the KoyidAflent Black Rod: to 1 s.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Bill for re-

Miiita5 tser- Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

viceofcerJin enable His Majesty to require the Military Service of Commissiqn, for declaring His Royal Afient to icveral persons, Persons therein to be described, to be embodied, in Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im-ordereu- mediate

Order for referring Petition respecting the Dean and Chapter, See. of Litchfield to a Committee discharged, and Bill ordered.

Whittlebury Inclosure Petition.

37 Geo III. Novembris. 9

mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the thereof allotted to the Proprietors thereof, and Persons

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. interested therein, according to their respective Rights,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Properties, and Interests, and the said Right of Com-

up to the House of Peers. mon in and over the said Two Pieces of Ground was

And being returned; extinguished, such Division, Inclosure, and Extinguish-

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De- ment, would tend greatly to the Advantage of the fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Petitioners and other Persons interested: And there-Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury afore-of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Turk, His said (except the Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal and within the said Parish and Liberties, as iie within Highness the Duke of G/oucefier, the Lord Archbi- the present Ring Mound of the Forest of shop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great wood, or Whittlebury) and also, for extinguishing the

Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify Right of Common in and over the said Two Pieces the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord of Ground, called Porter's Wood, and Long Hedge, Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chan- under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to cellor of Great Britain»and the Earl of Liverpool, named the House shall seem meet.

also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that are as followeth; viz. Mr. Dickins and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty the same *

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Granejfen' dred and Ninety-seven: Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles: And

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a the same was received; and read the First Time.

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety-seven. The Order of the Day being read, for the House Jeej

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of of Litchfield and Coventry, and the humble Petition of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes; and for the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Crimi *

Church of Litchfield, which was presented to the House nal as well as Civil Cafes;

hlpon Monday iaft, might be again read. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

And the same was read accordingly. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for referring the said Petition to A Petition of John Turton, Esquire, Lord of the the Consideration of a Committee, might be read. Manor of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the ci0fUre Pe-And the said Order was read accordingly. County of York, and Owner of Lands and Grounds, tition.

And the House being informed that the Expences, and also of several Houses and Frontsteads, having attending the Works mentioned in the said Petition, Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste were intended to be entirely defrayed out of the Funds Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the and Revenues belonging to the Petitioners themselves; House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Com-Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Pe- mons and Waste Lands are, in their present State, in-tition to the Consideration of a Committee be dif- capable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the charged. same were divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Allot-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ments made to the Petitioner, and the several other pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Owners and Persons interested therein, the said Lands.

Sir Eduard Littleton and the Earl Gower Sutherland and Waste Grounds might be greatly improved; and do prepare, and bring in, the fame. that various Exchanges have been made of open and

intermixed Lands within the said Manor, greatly ad-A Petition of the most Noble AugufiusHenry Duke vantageous to the Owners, but the same require the of Grafton, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Aid and Confirmation of Parliament: And there-

Garter, and the humble Petition of the several other fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Man-Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, ner aef the House shall think proper.

divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish Or, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of Whittlebury, in the County of Northampton, was pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do pre-there are, within the said Parish, divers Open Fields, pare, and bring in, the fame.

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste, in which the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others The House being informed that Mr. Porter, from Account of lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in the Commissioners of Customs, attended at the Door; |°u I(fess"d their present State, cannot be conveniently and ad- he was called in;.and, at the Bar, presented to the selmenfpre-vantageously cultivated or improved; and that the Pe- House, pursuant to their Order, fented.

titioners, and other Proprietors of the said Open Fields, An Account of Sums paid for Bounties and Ex-Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste, are also pences to Seamen, from 31st March 1795 to 10th entitled to a Right of Common in and over Two October following, inclusive, and from 10th October certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called 1795 exclusive to 10th October 1796 inclusive, for Porter's Wood, and Long Hedge; and that, if the said London and the Out Ports, agreeably to the Weekly Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Returns from the several Collectors.

Waile, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts And then he withdrew.

Vol. 52. And

Indemnity . Bill} ordered *

Committee on Bill to continue Act to prohibit the Exportation of Com, &c.

Committee appointed to consider of promulgating Statutes *

94

Noveinbris.

A. 1796.

And the Title of the said Account was read; Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ute of the Members of the House.

and consider all the temporary Laws whatever of a Public Nature, which are expired or expiring, as relates to the Matter of the present Enquiry;

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy,

Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Ex-

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills: And the chequer Bills,

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to trine in a Bill to indemnify such persons as have omittea to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or otners, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications Within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur-

lame was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off between the 18th of April and the ill of November 1796;

Bill presented'

Account of Navy Bills paid otii ordered.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, ap- Day, appoint-ther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify pointing the Days for taking into Consideration the «l for conn-Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and MfoniW-Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament for the tions, altered, to be stamped according to Law, or, having been Borough of in the County of Herefordfor

stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing the Borough of Port, in the County of

them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to fai and for the Borough of in the County of give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to Cornwall, might be read.

niake and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden- And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors ? and for the same were, on the Question being severally put indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions Ordered, That the Petition ol Robert Ef-

of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace quire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Hobart, themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Bo- Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, rough of Leominfer, in the County of Hereford, severally the fame. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon T/.urf-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House day, the 24th Day of this Instant November, at Three of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Clock in the Afternoon.

upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Hyde and John and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Par- Matthews, on Behalf of themselves and others, Eledors liament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Expor- of the Borough of Milbome Port, in the County of So-" tation of Com, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to merfet, complaining of an undue Election and Return " permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon " of Provssion, for a limited Time, in any Ships Tuesday, the 29th Day of this Instant November, at Three " whatever, without Payment of Duty," be now of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of certain Eledors of the Borough of Tregony, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon

Thursday, the ill Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornr Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Third Bill foraug-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) lor providing an to consider further of the said Bill. Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and excr- the Third

vised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in cate of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Sta- of Necessity, for the Defence of thele Kingdoms, be tutes of the Realm; and to report the fame, with their now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Allowances to the

Observations, to the House And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Abbot, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Serjeant

Adair, Sir William Scott, Mr. Powys, Mr. Main-waring, Families of such Militia Men, during the Twenty Days Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Hawkins of Exercise.

Browne: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber'; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take into their Consideration so much of the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to insped

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with Sums to be paid out of the Parish Rates;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause. .

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr.

37 Geo. III.

2° Novembris.

93

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third 'Time;

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 26. To leave out from " Act," to " shall," in Line 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Bill patr«d. be. An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Or, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- - count of count, shewing how the Money, given for the Service Grun 't be and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by of the Year 1796, has been disposed of, distinguished primed, the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of under the several Heads, until the 26th Day of Ryder. 1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the efti-

Then the Amendments following were l?verally pro- mated Surplus thereupon, be printed, as shall be fulfi-posed to be made to the Bill; viz.cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

6 HTI-itv / " anA infer#-

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for railing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re

enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of 1 Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons therein described, to be (embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered > the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telkrs for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j } 3°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.'

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Se cond Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the

Pr. 12. 1. 31. To leave out "Three," and insert "One" instead thereof.

1. 22. To leave out " Months," and insert " Month" instead thereof.

I. 31. To leave out "Three," and insert " One" instead thereof.

1. 32. To leave out " Months," and insert " Month" instead thereof.

Pr. 15. 1. 5. To leave out " Three," and insert " One" instead thereof, and to leave out " Months," and insert " Month" instead thereof.

Pf. 17. 1. 30. To leave out " as herein after mentioned," and insert " who shall be enrolled to lerve according to the Directions of any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament" instead thereof.

Pr, 22.I.16. After " any," to insert " Person being and having been, on or before

the 20th Day of October 1796,

„ _ »» an.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to

the Bill, in Pr. 22. 1. 28. by inferring, after the Word rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed "Thames" the Words, " nor any poor Man having to by the House.

" more than Two Children, born in lawful Wedlock;" An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Two," and inferring the Word " Three" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Wferd "Two" Hand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the.Yeas, )

(Coneral Tarlelon: )

22.

Tellers for the Noes, }

93 *

So it passed in the Negative,

And the Question being put. That the Word " Three" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding thereto, the Words " under Ten Years of Age, or infirm;"

And the Question being put, That those Words' be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. VOL. 52.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons charged with the Duty on Horses in more than One Place, to elect in which they will serve, and to give Notice accordingly.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Officers in the Army or Militia, in respect of Horses kept by them under His Majesty's Regulations.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons having ceased to keep Horses, for which they are assessed, shall receive back a proportionable Part of the Assessment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how Horses are to be provided, if the Person on whom the Lot falls shall have no Horse, or if his Horse Hull not be approved of.

B b And

Camel ford 'edition Committee, appointed.

3° Novembris.

A. 1796-

by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Purpose of inflicting a pecuniary Penalty on Persons fending a Horse not fit, when they have one fit for Service.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upcn the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Purpose of inflicting a pecuniary Penalty on Persons enrolled, and not appearing at the Muster.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck, to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of the Right honourable Charles James Fox and the Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury, being added, the same was called over; and is as followeth:

Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay, Baronet, liam Adams, Esquire, John Petrie, Esquire, Sir John WodehouJ'e, Baronet, William Baldwin, Esquire, Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Esquire, Charles Drake Garrard, Esquire, Thomas Everett, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, the Honourable William Brodrick, the Honourable Robert Citrzon, the Honourable Robert Fulke Gre-ville, the Honourable George Villiers, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Right honourable Lord Plawkefbv.ry.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Augujhis Ludlow, commonly called Lord Preston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Robert Adair, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the there-under-signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, paying Scotland Lot, were sworn by the Clerk at the "l'able in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Sclect Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers ap-

pointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Clause proposed to be Proceedings added to the ingrafted Bill, for enabling His Majesty to ng'provi-raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and to require the fionai Cavalry. Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, for the Purpose of inflidting a pecuniary Penalty on Persons enrolled, and not appearing at the Muster, be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was road the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for providing a new Substitute in the room of One who has given Notice of his Intention to relign.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by W ay of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Officers of the Excise, who are obliged to keep Horles for the Execution of their Duty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, providing, that if in any Class, no Man shall be found fit for Military Service, the Receiver General of the County shall provide one.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Clause;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till after Debate on the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders

of the Day. adjourned.'

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call> <jefcrn:d. being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon day, the 24th Day of this Instant November.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second B>H requiring Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to require the servkc of7

Military certain Persons, deferred.

37 Geo. III.

3'

Noveinbris.

97

Committee on re-committed Bill for railing Men for the Army and Navy.

Inftrtiftion to turn the Bill' into Two.

Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in case of Necelfity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday, the 25th Day of this Instant November.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfeft into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties of England, and in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy;

Ordered, That it be an Instruftioil to the said Committee, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Then the House reiolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they hud, pursuant to the Power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into Two Bills; and that the Committee had gone through One of the said Bills, for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the other of the said Bills,

Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Muncaster have Leave to go of into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Noveinbris;

Aiino 37 Georgii III'U Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Elec- forcon-tors of the Borough of Treg who petitioned (ionTmec1-t lis House upon the 20th Day of October last, com- torsotTre-plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said j y dn-Borough, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon lad.

r . , ' -TWT i , r 1 . VJraciea, null llic wiua nuuc upon rr cunc uuy

for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Coun- for ukl the said petjt;on into Confident ion upon

fir»c Kr>ir-i Kurrrhc onH I nu/nQ in fht'f K ,irr 0 . — 1

ties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Thursday, the First Day of December next, charged.

be dif-

Detv.tc on Amendments to a Chute offered to Bill for railing Cavalry, further adjourned.

tnctenViiity

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Robert Order for con-, n~ Sandford, and others, Inhabitant Houseliolders of the fderm"p';t1'

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Tov/n and Borough of in the County of cilcefS,

Morning. Gloucester who have a Right to vote at all Elections diilharged.

for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town The Order made this Day, for resuming, after the and Borough, who petitioned this House upon the House should have proceeded Upon the other Orders of 20th £)ay Gf last, complaining of an undue

the Day, the adjourned Debate on the Amendments Election and Return for the said Town and Borough, which were proposed to be made to an ingrossed Clause |iad not entered into a Recognizance in relptft of such offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made enabling His Majesty to raile a Provisional Force of in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Cavalry, and to require the Military Service of Persons, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regula-therein described, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, tion of t]ie Trials of controverted Elections, or Refer the Defence of these Kingdoms, being read; _ turns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 20th Day of October last, for taking the said Petition into Confederation upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of December next,

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned tili Tomorrow Morning.

prciciiteu. Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted

to qualify (hemiclves for Offices and Employments, and Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That' Edmund OrJerforcon-to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have Lechmcre, Junior, Esquire, Freeman of the City of j£! ere,s'' omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications who petitioned this House upon the 20th Ptti ion, dif-

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Day of October last, complaining of an undue Election charScd Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Return for the said City, had not entered into a and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth stumped according to' Law, or, having been stamped, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, have been loft or mifhid, and for allowing them Time to " An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of

" controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 20th Day of October last, for taking the said Petition into Confident! ion upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of January next,

provide Arimiifions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trairsmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the iame was received.

Vol. 52.

be discharged.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and the Campton In-humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names c.,osure Pctl-

ction.

c are

1

South Nor-r.unten Inclonirc Bui prciuited.

Horn's Nat. Bill, committed.

Petition in favour of Trent and Mersey Canal, Relcr-voir, iic. Bill.

Cill.ttPflj

Rochdale, and B'i'y Roads Bill committed.

98 40 Novembris. A, 1796.

are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or other- A Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, Rochdale, wile interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Here- and keeping in Repair, the Road trofti Rochdale, through ditanients, in the Parish of Campton, otherwise Campion Bam ford and to and for making and main- Bill? com- *

cum Shcfford, in the County of Bedford, was presented taining Three l'everal Branches of Road therefrom, all mated,

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second

within the said Parish, several Open and Common Time.

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, YVafle ReftolvedThat the Bill be committed to the Lord Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, Stanley, Mr. Stanley, And they are to meet this in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveni- Afternoon, at Five of t he Clock, in the Speaker's ently dilperfed and intermixed, and in their present Chamber.

Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that it

would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to PuJky canal

and the other Proprietors, if the said Lands and Grounds Order, a Bill to enable the Company ol Proprietors Eiikprefcuted.

were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof of the Dudley Canal, to raile a further Sum of Money set out and allotted to the several Persons interested for completing the said Canal, and for amending the therein, according to the Value of their rei'peftive Pro- several Acts relating the reto: And the same was re-perties, Rights, and interests: And therefore praying, ceived; and read the First Time.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for elfec- Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, tuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner,

and under such Regulations, as to the House may teem A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc Waterl->?ich meet. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors L<vei Drain-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying and afie eU lon‘

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that being in the several Parishes of Waterbeachanti Mr. OJborn and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in the County of Cambridge, and in Stretham and -in, the fame. ftmd,in the of Elv and County aforesaid, commonly called /1'dterbeach Lead, and mentioned, bounded, and Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to described, in the Act of Parliament hereafter mcn-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several tinned, and also of divers ancient Commonable Mef-

Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and fuages, lying in the relpcftive Parillus aforesaid, and

Parish of South Normanton,in the County of Derby: having lcverally relpcftive Rights of Common on the

And the same was received; and read the First lime. several and respective Commonable Parts of the fame

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Fen Lands and Grounds, in lefpeft of such Parts

thereof as are lying within the respective Parishes afore-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An said, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn, was read a Second forth, That, by l'everal Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Time. and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, King the Second, for the effectual Draining

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this After- and Prel'ervation of Level, in the County

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- of Cambr, and to establish an Agreement made ber. between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum

Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor,

A Petition of the Town of Gainftburgh,was presented the Commissioners thereby appointed, or the major to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Canal Part of them, had Power veiled in them to assess and from the Trent to the Mersey has been productive cf charge the Owners or Occupiers of the said Fen Lands elfential Advantages to Trade and Commerce, and is or Low Grounds, and all and every the Commoners of great Public Importance; and that the Petitioners having Right of Common on the Commonable Parts are informed, that Application is intended to be made thereof, by an equal and proportionable Acre Tax not to Parliament, for a Bill to obtain a further Supply cf exceeding is. per Acre, for carrying on and elfefting Water for the said Canal, by Means of a Reservoir, the said Works, and that such Assessments have, from near to the Town of Leek,in the County of Stafford, Time to Time been made, and the said Fen Lands or

and to extend a short Branch of Canal to that Town: Low Grounds have been very' much beneiited by the

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals due Application of such Rates; and that, notwith-into a Law. ing the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds have been so

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the benefited, yet it hath been found by Experience that Table. the said Assessment is not sufficient, fuhy and effec-

tually, to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, and A Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, that a further Assessment or Rate is necessary for tire improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or fame; and that the Expences of maintaining and l'up-r.ear tire Guide Post at or near a certain Place called porting the Banks of the said Level are of themselves Sudden Bridge, in tire Township of Custleton, within the very heavy, and are increased by Horles and Cattle Parish of Rochdale,in the County Palatine of Luncaftcri going thereon, when employed in haling Boats and

to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place, Vessels upon certain Parts of the River, and the in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the Petitioners conceive it is reasonable that a Tax or Toll said County, called Clerke Street, and for making a should be paid for the patting, going, and returning, new Road, from and out of the said Road, at or near of such Horles and Cattle, and the Produce thereof a Place caned Captain Fold, in the Township of Ca.ftle- applied, under the Authority of Parliament, towards ton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turn- the repairing the said Banks, and other the Purposes pike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the in the said Acts mentioned: And therefore praying.

Town of Mane heft er,in the said County, as also with That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amend-

the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue ing and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and for Pits, in the said Township of Custleton, was read a Se- eflefting the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such corn! Time. Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, shall seem meet, the Lord Stanley, he.: And they are to meet this After- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-A mine

L

37 Geo. III.

Novembris.

ile,

and

99

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles , General &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Waterbeach A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,-being Owners and Proprietors

tition rtf T rtnrlc Pff'ifpc in fb. Pinfll rtf rtjm

C:ml

of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Waterbeach cum

Denny, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to summoned by the Speaker's Warrant, to attend to give

Mr. Charles Torke and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Thomas Grenville reported from the Select Com- Report front mittee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of Southwark the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue mltteereipea" Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark; ingaWitness That he was directed by the Committee to report to be aSum-the House, that Alexander Morrice, having been duly mona.

SIS -iul.

Southoe Inclosure Petition.

the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Marsh Grounds, Open Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, containing, by Estimation, 3,800 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Torke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands

Evidence before the said Committee, had disobeyed such Summons, and had not appeared in pursuance thereof.

The House was moved, That an A<fl, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be, for his *

said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

A Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Navy, vlfiu-

and Estates, in the Parish of Southoe, in the County of Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, was read

Southoe and Diddington Inclosure Petition.

Huntingdon, was presented to the House and read; Set ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Commons, Open Marsh Grounds, Open Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, containing, by Estimation, 1,050 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided,„allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for eftefting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Torke and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the several Parishes of Southoe and Diddington, otherwise Dodington, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

port,: chequer BiJls, Bill, committed.

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The House being informed that Mr. Tweedy, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant paiToff, P«-to their Order, fented.

An Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off between 18th April and ift November 1796,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That Account of the

there be laid before this House, an outstanding Ordnance Debentures,

ting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, fe- with the Dates, and respective Sums, and Services, for veral Open Arable Fields, Open Common Fields, Ings, which they were issued.

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Commons, Open Marsh Grounds, Open Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, containing, by Estimation, 2,100 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Vol. 52.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Account of outstanding Ordnance Debentures, ordered.

Bill for railing Men in England for the Army and Navy, reported.

100

4

4° Novembr

A. 179

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for tailing Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Men in Scot- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Armyand raisinga certain Number of Men, in the several Coun-Navy, report- ties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called , for the Service of

His Majesty's Army and Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in . at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Proportion of Assessments between the Counties and Burghs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Holford and Mr.

have agreed to.

Mr. Speaker,

Aftor's Nat. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An B" ' Act for naturalizing George without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to CtoieVDi dissolve the Marriage of John Opie, Esquire, with Mary vorcVBiU. Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to conri- An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time tobe limited,

"rohibit the and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Par-Exportation liament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Expor-of Com, &c. tation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to e ' " permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles

" of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, " Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, " for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without " Payment of Duty," and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bijl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for railing An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service

Army and of His Majesty's Army and Navy, was read the Third

Navy, paired. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill foi railing a certain - umoer of jiiii formifng Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, >« Stot-and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called nny and *

land, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy, Navy, pure! was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate c Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee or the .»hole House, d:-

to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the , L"ui' Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the 25th Day of this Instant November, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Sitprdy.de--to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, f«ve<i. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this II oufc will, upon Wednesaa the 23d Day of this Instant November, resolve iticlf into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the nehr.tr on Amendments which were, Yesterday, proposed to be made to an ingrossed Clause, then ottered to be added, o.-tered toBiil by Way of Ryder, to the ingrossed Bill for enabling h,r.nl'l:" ' His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, fumLiT' and to require the Military Service of Persons therein described, to be embodied, in case of Necefilty, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

And the said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, providing, that if in any Class no Person shall be approved of, the Person on whom the Lot shall first fail, shall find a Substitute, and be allowed a Compensation, to be paid by the Receiver General.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that if in any Class there shall be no Person fit for Military Service, then the Person on whom the Lot shall first fall, shall provide a Substitute, and be allowed a Compensation, to be paid by the Receiver General, and levied on the Persons in the Class.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 1. To leave out " being and."

1. 2. To leave out "on;" after "or" to inlert " being;" and after " before" to inlert " or on."

1. 5. To leave out " nor any," and insert " or" instead thereof; and after " Apprentice," to insert " nor

any."

Pr. 19. 1. 20. To leave out " Lift" and insert " Class" instead thereof.

1.2!. After "Horses," to insert " in Proportion to the Number belonging to them respectively."

Pr.. 22.

Wife \»

Am:v a

37 Geo. IIL

4 — 7

Novenfbris.

ior

W3V:

r fs

t«vCii urered L h r.;j. GvtJV iUiiisd.

Indemnity Bill, com mi t ted.

Account of Navy, Vi dual ling, and Transport Bills, ordered.

Opie's Bt-voncc Bill, read.

Pr. 22.

! 37-

I.38.

Bill patted *

To leave out " Person being an." After " Apprentice" to insert " as aforesaid."

After " Fines" to insert " Penalties and Forfeitures."

After " thereof," to insert " which are hereby directed to be added to the rdspective Assessinents of the said Duties on Horses."

After " all" to insert " such."

To leave out from " Forfeitures"

to " which," in 1. 16.

To leave out " Three" and insert . " One" inllead thereof.

To leave out " Months" and insert " Month" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act so tenabling His Majesty to raise a P10-vilional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necellity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

Ondered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and *

Pr. 35. 1. 40.

Pr. 36. 1. 3.

1. 14. 1. 15.

Pr. 47. 1. 22.

1. 23.

LuneSy7 die Novembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

SIR Edward Knatchbullreported from the Select Report from

Committee, appointed to try and determine the t'ionCom-Merits of the Petition of George , complaining of mittee, re-

an undue Election and Return for the Borough of bf 'nceof Southwark; That the said Committee met this Morn- Mr. Grenville ing at Ten of the Clock, jpurfuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last, when the Committee received a Letter from Thomas Grenville, Esquire, the Chairman of the said Select Committee, Hating, that the Death of a very near Relation had made it impossible for him to attend the said Select Committee, and sequesting that some Member of the Committee would have the Goodness to state to the House the Cause of his Absence, and to move the House, that his further Attendance might be dispensed with; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of 1791;

of the Proceedings of the House upon the Report from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Tinte for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be 1 tamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; 'to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks _ the Merits of the Petition of James John , Esquire;

Okehampton, in the County of Devon, respecting the Absence of Mr. Pybus, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Mr. Grenville, for his Non-attendance this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Leave to abfertt himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Sir Charles William Rouse Bought on, from the Select Malmesbury Committee, who were appointed to try and determine

Election, determined.

to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have negle6ted to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, from the 28th to the 31st October 1796, both Days included.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie, Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 52.

and also, the Petition of the thereunder-signed the Assistant Burgesses, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits or the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Committee required the CoUnfel, for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said several Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state. That the " Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament " for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of " Wilts, is in the Alderman, Capital Burgesses, Assistants, Landholders, artd Commoners, of the said " Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, Samuel Smith and Peter Isaac Tkellujfbn, Esquires, delivered in

a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state, That " the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County u of Wilts,is in the Alderman and Twelve Capital

* Burgesses only."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said 1) d Statement,

li

Carmarthen

Election,

determined.

i'arrwt!.? n Return to l»i krncul' .

102

7° Novembr

A. 1796.

Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmesbury.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmefuttry.

That the said Select Committee have also determined, That Samuel Smithy Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Peter Isaac Thellitjjbn, Esquire, is duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Malmesbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said James John Fajfar, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Assistant Burgesses, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Samuel Smith, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Peter Isaac Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Return for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of Dorrien Magens, Esquire, and inferring the Name of

John George Philipps, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs. Abknce.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Brodie have Leave to go into the Country, for Two Months, for the Recovery of his Health.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according Litchfield to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in de"tiar R&c the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Bill,printed; Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number " of Canons Relidentiary in the Cathedral Church of " Litchfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends " of the said Cathedral," to make further Provision for the Canons Relidentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Weston Zoy-of certain Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of Wefion Zotlav.d,in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Eft.mation, 644 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon divers Persons have, and claim to be entitled to, Right of Common; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open and Commonable Pastures, in such Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gore Langtonand Mr. DickinJ'on, Senior, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Smyth, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John George Philipps, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Magens Dorrien Magens, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John George Philipps, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John George Philipps, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Petition of the said John George Philipps, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Opposition of the said Magens Dorrien Magna, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Commit ice to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crowti do. attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with flic last *

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Alter incl> monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, comnutte within the Parish of Aller, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Exton and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several committed. Manors of Cut combe Mohan and Cut combe in

the Parish of Cutcornbe,in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Street Inclo-Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part committed, of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Trait of Waste Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Ac: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Honourable Richard Walpole, John

Color, Pttitio.i.

iftsve of Abj'cn.

li chfield Can- ns Rci. ‘ntnr., Bill, P;c.

WonZtr *

ind

Vtition,

tier Iki> t Bill nisifti

ortul

com # loiurrB-juinii

f Ik' *

au>

yt

37 Geo. III.

» YT

Novembris.

103

Cator, Richard Carexv, and and others, whose Names being Proprietors of Lands, and of Rights of Common; in and over the Open and Common Fields, Commons; Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydonin the county of,

was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth; That the Lands in the said Open and Common Fields lie dispersed and intermixed, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested in the said Fields, and in the said Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and iacloling the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William RuJJ'elland Sir John Frederick do prepare;

and bring in, the fame.

John Brickwood, Esquires, the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power are thereunto subscribed, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Quakers Relief resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, deferred, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes;

Resolved, That this House will; upon Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant , re-

solve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order; resolved itself into Committee oft a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for nn Trlnf-31" granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, port, and Ex-

Horn's Nat. Bill, reported, juid passed.

Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Commit lee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

chequer Bills; Bill.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend /or naturalizing Nicholas Horn, was committed; That ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-the Committee had examined the Allegations of the port, when the House will please to receive the same. Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Morning;

without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carfy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Xhe other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others; who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited

Committee on

Indemnity

Bill.

Kavelli's Nat. Petition.

in

A Petition of Anthony Ravelli,was presented to the by Law, and for giving further Time for those Pur-

Chichester Roads Petition.

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr; Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Sitssex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Two several Acts were passed in the Twenty-

poses; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped; have been loft or mif-laid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law;

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bridge, at the North End of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst,to the City of and

ullo the lload from Chichester to Delkey, in the said

Mr: Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein men- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report;

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

Ordered, That Air. Rose have Leave to make a

tioned; and that the Trustees, authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, have made great Progreis in repairing, widening, and improving the said Roads, and have contracted a considerable. Debt on the Credit of the Tolls by the said A«fts granted, and, as the Term and Powers of the said Acts are near expiring, the said Alotion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock. Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept And he moved the House accordingly, in good Repair, imlels the Term of the said Acts is con- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for tinued, and the Tolls and Powers, thereby granted, are appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, so far as they relate to the said Roads, and for the more effectually repairing the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it Is referred to Mr. Steele, Sir George Thomas, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Yot. 52 *

Land Tax Commissioners Bill, ordered.

for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, u to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the M Year One thousand Seven hundred and NinetysevenAnd that Mr. Rose, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of all Bills registered

on

Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, present ed.

1

1

G runeifen 1'worn.

Carmarthen

Return

amended.

The Lords hate agreed to

Bill for augmenting the Militia.

Leave of Absence.

Norfolk Affixes Petition *

104 70 — 8 NoveA. 179

on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, from the 28th to the 31st ORober 1796, both Days included.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MarttSf 8° die Novembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III'" Regis, 1796. Prayers.

/>Harks Gruneifeiitook the Oaths appointed, in order

to his Naturalization.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms; without any Amendment. And then the Meil'engers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Mohave Leave to go

into the Country for Five Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk,assembled at their General Quarter Session

of the Peace, held at the Castle of for the said

County, on the 5th Day of 1796, waspresented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the County of Norfolk is a large and populous County, and the Common Gaol, or Prison, thereof, is at the Castle of Norwich, which is nearly in the Centre of the said County; and that the Summer Assizes, as well as the General Quarter Session of the Peace, have been constantly held at the Castle of Norwich, and the Lent Assizes have usually been held at the Borough of ford; and that the said Borough of is Thirty

Miles distant from the Castle of Norwich, from whence the Prisoners are obliged to be conveyed to fhetford previous to their Trials, and back again after Conviction, to the great Charge of the County, it being necessary to hire a G uard to prevent Escapes; and that the said Borough of Thetford, being situated at the Extremity of the said County, the greater Part of the Prosecutors, Witnesses, and Suitors, are obliged to travel upwards of Fifty Miles from their several Places of Abode, to attend the Assizes there, to the great Inconvenience of Individuals, and at a considerable additional Expence to the County at large: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the said Castle of Norwich.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir john ITodehouse, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Abram Henry Bore/, Henry Bor el, Louis Bor el, and Stephen Azernar, was presented to the House and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and Sir John IVdo prepare, and bring in, the fame:

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli r And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

A Motion b.eing made, That the Bill to Enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal to raiie a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and for amending the several Acts relating thereto, be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 31st Day of ORoberlaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And it appearing from the said Report, that the said Petition w'as not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or lor varying the Line of the Canal;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An irf rossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diffiolve the Marriage of Opie, Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant November, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine WTt-nelfes, for the said. Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of If'ey mouth and Melcmbe Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed Application hath been made to the House, by a Mr. Thomas Beyer, on Behalf of himself and others, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to supply the Inhabitants of

mouth and Melcombe Regis with frelli Water; and that the Petitioners have seen, and examined, a Copy of the Plan, deposited by the said Mr. Bryer with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, whereby he propolcs to supply the said Water; and have also examined another Plan for effecting the same Purpose, brought forward by a Mr. Thomas Ham, on Behalf of himself and others; as also the specific Terms on which the said Mr. Ham, and those connected with him, undertake to supply the Inhabitants with fresh Water, according to that Plan; and that the Petitioners, being fully convinced of the superior Advantages of the latter Plan,

and

Borcf's rmft Azemar's Nat. Petition.

Ravelli's Naft Bill,presented.

Dudley Canal Kill committed.

Opit's Divorce Bill, committed *

Petition again It Wey-mouth and Melcombe Regis Water Bill.

Vcn :urc,

if

\ rtuar'i C

y

5

t

1

j iWij'.v,

; tsian

Di' rvC j w:;i ' waited.

Oprt'- vorep 5:-'. conanak

ft::'-

ic-uth # Ielc -:<

li.

37 Geo. IIL

8° Novembris.

105

and that there are many Defects In Mr. Bryer\s Plan, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,pur-

and also apprized, upon the Opinion of a Surveyor, that suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. such Plan of Mr; Bryer is not likely to effect the Pup- Drake Tyrwhitt and Mr. Drake Garrard do prepare, and pose which is proposed by it j Therefore pray, That such bring in, the fame, intended Bill may not pass into a Law.

Chichester Roads Petition, reported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee to whom the Petition o'f the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed being Trustees appointed for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

mittcJ.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles was read a Gruncifen's

Second Time. Nat. Bill,tort.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, iand Tax

T " 11 f ® i fY r a f? \ / ? 1 / n

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Exe-

cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, sent(.d. ' " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and NinetysevenAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of King Tomorrow Morning;

George the Second, and in the Tenth of His present Ma- _

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Navy, v;au- Bridge, at the North End of Farnhurst Lane, through Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Midhurst,to the City of Chickester, in the County of granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, chequer Bills SuJJ'ex, and also the Road from Chichester aforesaid to Transport, and Exchequer Bills, was committed, the Bill, reported.

Delkey, in the said County, and several other Roads Amendments which the Committee had made to the therein mentioned, were read: And, Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

Mr. Thomas Rhodes, Clerk to the Trustees,‘being ex- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-amined, said, That great Progress hath been made in re- wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at pairing, widening, and improving the said Roads, the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once whereby the said Trustees havecontrafled a considera- read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by ble Debt on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, granted, which Debt cannot be discharged, nor the were agreed to by the House.

laid Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the said Acts is continued, and the Tolls and Powers ingrossed.

thereby granted are altered and enlarged. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third-Time

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the grafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the indemnity Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- Bill, reported, demnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-

Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Suftex, so far as the said Acts re- selves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify late to the Roads leading from the Bridge, at the North Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to re- End of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst, to the City gider or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time of Chichester, and from Chickester aforesaid to Delkey, all limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those in the said County of Sussex: And that Mr. Steele and Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Colonel Lenox do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-

missions have been omitted to be stamped according to wins Inclo. A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Stanhope, Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, fare Petition. Earl of Cheprfield, the Reverend Henry Jerrom de Salis, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Doflor in Divinity, Sir Jonathan Lovett, Baronet, Ro- stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have bert Adams, John Collins Millard, Henry Sayell, William Stevens, Stephen Shirks', Daniel Elliott, John Smith, William Heley, Thomas Shockly, William Windmill, Thomas Elliott, Rogers Parker, William Smart, John Dell, Ann Dell, and Stephen Raymond, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprie

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerk to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time

tors of Estates within the Parish of Wing, comprizing for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments the Hamlets of AJcot, Wing, Burcot, and Grafton, in the which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; they had directed him to report to the House; and he Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Hamlets, certain Open and Common Arable Fields, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Common Meadows, Wastes, and other Open Common- Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; able Lands, containing, in the Whole, 3,400 Acres, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Statute Measure or thereabouts, which may be greatly Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the improved in Value, if divided into specific Allotments, Lr~"r"

according to each Person's Right and Interest therein, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vox,. 52.

Ee

Mtrcufii,

Pf tition.s from the Lari ot Moira nml Lord Melbourne ag-i in ft Trent and Mersey Canal, RHervoir, A. c.

Bill.

L ive of Abie iKC.

Borel's and Azennr's Nat. Bili patented.

Grur.H fen's Nat. Bill, reported.

M.ub lcv. VC. Roads Petition.

106 90 Novembris. . 1796.

Mercurii,90 die Novembris. j Anno 370 Georgii III' 1 Regis, 1796; Prayers.

A Petition of the Right honourable- the Earl of Moira: And also,

.A Petition of the Right honourable Lord

Viscount Melbourne, of the Kingdom of Ireland;

W ere severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal; from, and out of, a certain Branch of their laid

Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of EnJon, to the Town of in the County of Stafford; and also a llefervoir for supplying the said Canals with Water; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, it will injure their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall l'eem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair have Leave

of Absence, he being ordered to join his Regiment at York.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Abram Henry Borel, Henry Bore/, Louis Borel, and Stephen: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in, and by virtue of, the several Acts thereafter let forth, and of the Creditors on the Roads therein mentioned, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the at /

" Street ,to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the " Birches Brook to the Hand Post, in the Parish of " Kemberton,in the County of Salop," several Tolls

were granted, and Powers given for widening and keeping in Repair the several Roads, and for putting the said Act in Execution; and, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the last-men-2

tioned Act, and for making the same more effectual, the said former Act was continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Trustees, appointed by the said recited Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been faithfully applied; but the said Roads cannot be well and sufficiently widened, amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money already borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be continued, altered, enlarged amended, and rendered more effectual; and that, if the said Turnpike Roads were extended, by making a new Branch of Road in Addition to, and to communicate with, the said Roads and to lead out of the same at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Made/ey, in the said County of , and from thence through the several Parillies of Made-ley, Sutton, Maddock, and Stockton, in the said County, to join the present Turnpike Road, at or near the End of a Lane leading out of the said Roads to the Village of Norton, in the said Parish of Stockton; and if the said new Branch of Road, and the said present Turnpike Roads were fomade to communicate, and were united, and put under the Care and Management of the same Trustees, and if the Tolls to be taken on all the said Roads were made one consolidated Fund for Payment of the Monies borrowed, and which may be borrowed, on the Credit thereof, wdth Interest for the fame, it would not only tend to the Advancement of the'foils, and the Benefit of all the said Roads, but would the looner enable the Trustees to make the said intended new Branch of Road, and to widen, amend, and keep the lame, and the said other Turnpike Roads, in Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said new Branch of Road was so made, the same would be of great Pub lie Utility, by opening a much nearer and more easy Communication between SCoalbrook Dale, Made/ey, Brofe/ey, Bent ha//, Dudley, and Birmingham:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for farther continuing the Term granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, enlarging, and making more effectual, the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Two several Acts hereinbefore stated; and also for extending the said prcilnt Turnpike Roads, by making a new Branch of Road, to communicate with the said present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the said Parish of Madcley, and to lead from thence through the said several Parishes of Made/ey, Sutton, Maddock, and Stockton, in the said County of Salop, into, and to communicate with, the said original Turnpike Road, at or near the End of the said Lane leading out of the same Turnpike to the Village of Norton, in the Pari fit o aforesaid, and

to incorporate and unite the said intended new Branch of Road with the said present Turnpike Roads; and that the Tolls and Duties, to be granted, and made payable therefrom, may be under the Care and Management of the same Trustees, as One consolidated Fund and Concern, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under and subject to such Rules, Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Sir Richard Hill, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered,

Hinrichs's Nat. Petition.

37 Geo. III.

90 Novembris.

107

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

' And

according to the Prayer of the said Petition

that -dr. Hobart and Mr. bring in, the lame.

John Pitt do prepare, and

The Lords luve agreed to

MclTage

from the Lords, by Mr.

Prpys

and

Kill for raisin< Men in England for the Anny and Navy.

B'll for rnifno Mtn in Scotland for the Army and Navy.

Bill for railing

Provision?.!

Cavalry.

Bill to continue Act to prohibit the ExpoiTith-nof Corn, &c.

tir anrined Silk and Flax Importation SilL

A

Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Orent Britain called Scotland, for tiic Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Ne-ccffity, for the Defence of the he Kingdoms; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" A.n Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn,

" Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision,

" for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without " Payment of Duty," and for permitting Wheat,

Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organ-zined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any King- Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trans-

14th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members to Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly bT:omm'!-S written, of the Names of Commissioners for executing Coners Names, the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been ufetl to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the Refblmions House, of the 31st Day of May 1786, relative to de- h,cling m ihc livering in Lifts of Commissioners for executing any Lifts, read. Land Tax Act, might be read;

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Refolded, That, for the future, every Lift of

" Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Aftshall " be delivered in signed by the Member delivering " in the fame; that the said Lift be carefully kept " by the Officer to whom the same shall be intruded;

" and that no Person whatever do presume to make " any Alteration in such Lift, without the Order of " this House, or of a Committee thereof."

" Refohed, That every Member delivering in such

" Lift, mail, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, sign " and deliver a Duplicate thereof, which Duplicate " shall be kept upon a File, open to the Inspection " of any Member of this House."

An ingrossied Bill to indemnify such Persons as have indemnity omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em- Bill, passed, ployments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitor ^; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

dom or State in Amity with His Majesty; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcffiengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

N?.vy, Vichi- , „

ailing, Tnni- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossied) for granting An- be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted

chequer Bills,

Bill, paired.

nuitics to fiitisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the lime limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,' whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as

Laifd Tax

Commissioners cond Reading of the Bill for appointing Commissioners witted?11' for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid " to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the VoL. 52.

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Confidemlon House, of the 21st Day of October last, " That this £ T pe_ " House will not, before the Adjournment of the House

titions, de-

" for ferrcdL

v

iro8

90 Novzmbris *

A. 17 96.

for the Recels at Christmasnext, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented to this " House, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament, which are " appointed to be taken into Consideration on any " Day after the 10th Day of November next," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the several Orders, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dor jet; for the City of , and County of

the same City; for the Borough of nvkesbury,in the County of G/ov.cester; for the Class or District of Boroughs, confiding of Inver keithing,

QueensfeYry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain vailed Scotland j for the City of , in the County of Cumberland; for the Borough of Cole heft er, in the County of Eft'ex; for the Borough of; for the County of Kent; for the County of Stirlingand for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, might be read. '

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly; the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Moses Barling, William Mozvland, Peter Wornell, Thomas Mitchell, the

Elder, John Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the county of ; and all'o, the Petition of William Wrightion and John Motteux, Esquires, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 9th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Burges, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon the 9 th Day

of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Callaway, Charles De/mar, Thomas Marfti, John Stephen Couch-

man, John Marrable, Robert Hayes Leggett, John Soutliee,

George Culmur, Edward Goldfinch, Henry George

Kirkby, George Kirkby, Junior, Daniel Thomas

Benjord, William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rouse, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudjbn, Thomas White, Thomas Richardson, James Elwyn, George Barber, John Peujo/d, Richard Elwyn, Thomas Rouse, John Cheavclc, Robert Feu, John James Homersham, Edward Homerjluim, Richard Dixon, James Pratt, Richard Hambrook, Edward Hambrook, William Hatcher, William Thornton, William Mathers, James Robcrljon, Henry Kemp, John Pringuer, Thomas Salmon, Jejje White, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Eledors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of terbury, and County of the same City, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of February next, at a-Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderson, of For del, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Class or District of Boroughs, consisting of Inver keithing, Dunjermling,

ferry, arid Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the i 6th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir James Graham,

Baronet, and Edward Knubley, Esquire; and also the Petition of William Nanjon, James Robinson, James Bulman, Thomas Bulman, Marmaduke Al/ijon, Robert Nanjon, John Potts, Thomas Sewell, John John

Barnes, Robert Graham, John Richardson, William Bennett, Thomas Sewell, and James Gibbons, Citizens and Eledors of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Citizens and Eledors of the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 16th Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Eledors of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Eft'ex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2ill Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Hill, Esquire complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shrewjlairy,be taken into Consideration

upon Tuesday, the 21 ft Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kwho polled for, or tendered their Votes for, FilmerHollywood, Esquire, at the lall Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 23d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and.

Return for the County of Stirling, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 23d Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Eledors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent,complaining of an undue Elec-

tion and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 28 th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. William Egerton have Leave to l eave of go into the Country for a Month, on his private Aolence-Affairs.

Samuel Smith, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to M . Smith serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to NHmcfbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Samuel Smith,

Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

v

eavt ot

.oieacc.

rr.i

cUfcr

icctte *

ter *

-it.

37 Geo.

to Novembris.

i of

Jovisy i o° die Novembris;

Anno 3 70 Georgii , 1796,

Borcls, Aze-jnar, and Ra-velli, lworn.

Camelford

Election,

determined.

commonly called Lord of the Kingdom of and Robert 1 dairy did not appear

to the said Committee to or

Vexatious:

And also, That the said Committee have de-

termined,

That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, did

ziBramHenry Bore/, Henry BoreI, Louis BoreI, Stephen not appear to the said Committee to be

Azemar, and Anthony Rave I ft, took the Oaths ap- lous or vexatious:

And alibi That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said - .

Praters.

pointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Baldwin, from the Select: Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- nto the said Petitions, did not tition of the Honourable Augufius Ludlow, commonly appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or called Lord Preston of the Kingdom of Ireland, and vexatious;

Robert Adair, Esquire j and also, the Petition of the And also, That the said Select Committee have de-

thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Ca- termined,

melford, in the County of Cornwall, paying Scotland That the Opposition of the said John

Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election and Esquire, to the said l'everal Petitions, did not appear to

Return for the said Borough, informed the House, the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That And the said Determinations were ordered to be entile Merits of the said l'everal Petitions did in Part de- tered in the Journals House.

pend upon the Right of Election j and that thereupon

the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Hinrichs's Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Order, a Bill for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for And the same was received; and read the Time.

which they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said several Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Eleilion is in Freemen, and e also Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, in the Borough of Camelford, in the County of

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, William Joseph Demvfon, Esquire, and John Esquire,

delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Sitting Members contend the Right of " Election for the Borough of Camelford is in the " Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said " Borough."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

O J

Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Came!ford *

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for tine Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Camelford.

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election for the said Borough of Came ford, have determined.

That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Camelford is in the Freemen, being Inhabitants and paying Scotland Lot.

That the said Select Committee have also determined. That the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough have no Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough, unless they be free Burgesses inhabiting and paying Scotland Lot.

That the said Select Committee have also determined. That William Joseph Dennison Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall:

And also, 'That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Angerftein> Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Came ford:

Ana also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the Honourable Av?:f:-:s L:d-Vol. r.7.

And the same was received; and read the Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Leave of Abler, ce.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Gruncifen, Gruneifen's was read the Third Time. pli

Rtfolvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Gruncifen.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Lvgon have Leave to go into the Leave of Ab~ Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. fence'

Ordered, Thar Air. James Brodie have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley be added to the Gentle- MembenuMcd men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a wcRoif Zoy- Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Lmd indoiure of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Blii Commonable Pattures, within the Parish of WeJIon Zoylandj in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report Trent and from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the reported. Trent to the NIerfey\ to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Guidon Canal, - within the Liberty of Endo/ty to the Town of Lcel:y in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water, was committed.

Air. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard Counlei in Support of the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Uxbridge; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, and also, of the Petition of Jehu Holliday, of Lincoln s Jfiriy Esquire, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, of the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Alii Is, Forges, and other Works, upon the River Dove; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Leilees for Lives of the Navigation of the River Trent, from IVi/den Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Burton upon Treaty

F f in

11 o Io° — 110 Nov. A. 1796.

in fhc County of Stafford, from and under the Right cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, honourable Henry Earl of Uxbridge, referred to their for the Defence of these Kingdoms:

Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the several Counties in , for the Sendee of His

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe- Majesty's Army and Navy:

veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the to be reported to the House, together with a List of several Counties, Stewartries. Royal Burghs, and Towns, the Names of the Performs who have assented, dif- in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the

fented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read-

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Weflon Zoy- Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris >n° die Nov

Anno 37® Georgii III'" Regis, 1796'.

Prayers.

?00£'Assent A Message by Mr. QuJrmc, Yeoman Ulher of the J\ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized, by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of , and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Liverpool, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to

Sendee of His Majesty's Army and Navy:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms:

An Act to continue, for a l'-mited Time, and amend, an Act; made in the last Scfiiori of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn,

" Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision,

" for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without " Payment of Duty," and for permitting Wheat,

Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch,

Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation<of Low Wines and Spirits:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Or-ganzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty:

An Act for naturalizing George Ajior:

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn;

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Frtimatfs prr-His Majesty's Command, tented.

Estimate of the Charge of the incrcaled Rates of SuMstence Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on j 'dto,wl Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1797: And also, C(lKr>-Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernu- Full Pay to merary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the supemimic-Officers of Independent Corps and of Draughted Re- nry n'cere giments, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Allowances w Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Paymaster the Secretary at War; to the Commifiary General of neral>il-the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pay, to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced I?0-Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances D°. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Horse Furniture, and of clothing, Clothing and Accoutrements, for several Augmenta-tionsofHis Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1796: And Forces, also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of Scotch Road, the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for and BnU3C>' the Year 1797.

And the Titles of the said Estimates w'erc read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

>005 ie

g 7 Geo. Ilf.

3f 1° Novem

in

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increa(ed Rates of Subsistence to be paid to , and others, on

Quartering Soldiers, for the Tear 1797.

jpor the Increased Rates of Subfittence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, oh Quartering Soldiers, upon Account -

£. 180,000 — —

War Office, ttth November 17 96.

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of Draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both in cl u five, being 365 Days.

Rbs

lcrttii

FullPro rrv u:r»

Alta '

:he

jtaenU-. 1

biffy

Anions a rest-

Horse

Grenadier

Guards.

1 Majolr - -

2 Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains -6 Sub Lieutenants

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains -

2 Surgeons -

2 Riding Matters - -

Agent

* k Charge for /. r. «f. 456 5 —

each X- 355 17. 6. 711 15 —

- - 155 2 6

each 337. 12. 6. 675 5 —

- 228. 2. 6. 1 368 15 —

- — — i?3 7 6

- each 121. 3 4- 243 6 8

- 146. — — 292

45- 12. 6. 91 5 —

m - - 4,167 1 8 j 80

Toot. — 1 Klajor and Captain

Invalids. — 1 Lieutenant

Agency

41st Regiment of Foot, or

Invalids.

3 Captains -1 Captain Lieutenant 6 Lieutenants 6 Ensigns 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Matter 1 Surgeon

each £.171. 7. 1.

eachjf. 79. 19. 4.

62. 16. 7 i

80 13 6

2 ~ 4

5H 1 3

79 >9 4 479 16 —

376 19 7 I 63 10 10 i

79'9 4

68 10 10

4>,47 i 8 259 6 3

82 13 10

Agency

1,667 17 2j 41 13 11

Allowances to 5 3 Captains, ta. £. 80, - £.'.40. - -(.burgeon - - - 82. o.

Comp of Invalids,

antes f

f i

lids.

3 Captains 11 Lieutenants 6 Ensigns -

each £. 171. 7. 1.

79. 19. 4.

- 62. l6. 7 5

Agency

Allowances to 3 Captains, each jf. 80.

Officers of Independent Corps, upon Account Officers of Draughted Regiments, upon Account

322 2 ‘ 1

514 1 3

879 12 8

376 19 7i

1>77° 13 6i-

-1 44 S 4

-\ 240 ~ ,

1 >031 3 71-

Total

War Office,

nth November 1796.

VOL. 52.

W. Windham.

2,054 18 10

8,000 — —

120,000 -

£ \ 1361675 14 3

ESTIMATE

11 2

i i° Novembris

A. 1796.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces j to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of die Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay-tliafter General; for die Year 1797-

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. Fees at the F.xcheauer -

A

Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto Judge Advocate General -Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

£. s.

IS,52; ——

90,000 ——

13,900 ——

5,672 18 9

2,828 18 4

5»353 ——

War Office, nth November 1796,

Total

136,779 17 1

IK Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1797.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive ——

For the Allowances to Four Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops

of Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum each - - - £. 40 — —

Ditto to Eight Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horle Guards, at Seven Pence per Diem each - 8534

£. s. d.

118,874 16 8

125 3 4

Total jq —

119,000 — —

War Office,

1 ith November 1796,

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service

of the States General, for the Year 1797.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive ——

1,000 — —

War Office, nth November 1796.

TV, Windham,

s ESTIMATE

v

n° Novembris.

37 Geo. III.

ii3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American

Forces, for the Year 1797.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1796to 24th December 1797, both inclusive - -- --Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum - -- -- - £. s. d. 52,500 7, Soo

Total - - - £. 60,000

War Office, w nth November 1796. IV. Windham.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of Horse Furniture, and of Clothing and Accoutrements for several Augmentations

of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1796.

For Horse Furniture, and Clothing and Accoutrements for several Augmentations of His Majesty's Forces, upon Account ——

£70,000 ——

War Office, nth November 1796.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North,

for the Year 1797.

For the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North , upon

Account ——

£.4,500 ——

War Office,

11 th November 1796.

IV. Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perufedby the Members of the House.

E'.HTP.-'.tcs of Sir Philip Stephens,from the Commissioners for cxc-o-.xini.in- anJ curing the O.'.ice of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri-' /««> presentecl to the House, pursuant to their Address to Mis Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1797: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be neccf-"\oL. pV.

fary fox the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1797.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is prclerved amongst the other Paper , of this Session; and the Abstract. thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

Gg ABSTRACT

11 ° Novembris,

A. 179

114

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1797.

N *

1. To the feight honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &<?, Commissioners of the Navy, with 1 their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

4. Superannuated Sea Officers - -- £. 40,475 14 — j

3. Pensions and other Allowances - -- 17,631 15 8 j

4- <Chatham ----- - 5 —

5- Deptford ----- - 18 —

6. ► Yards - - ( Woolwich ----- - 4,057 16 —

7 Portsmouth ----- - 10-

8. Sheerness ----- - 8 6

9-- sPlymouth ----- - 4,946 7 sJ

10. Muster Matters, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Mooring, and of Harbour Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repahs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, 7

Buildings, &C1 - - )

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1797 -

j£.

87,809 15 t 58,107 9 8

a5>35 5 a

6,288 6 11

43,623 1 —

20,075 — —

29,960 — —

77,270 ——

132,000 — - — 1,231 17 6 52,591 2 8

I9>2&5 3 7

6S3>S73 7

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1797, amounts to Six hundred and Fifty three thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence.

A. S. 11 amend. C. Hope. J. IlenJIow. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. . JVn Rule. V/. Palmer. $'.

H. Ilamood.

NAVY

NAVY OFFICE, 17th November 1796.

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

<3

o

r

on

An

e hoCharge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards and ESTIMATE ®[h E ra works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1797.

Place where. Guns.

Deptford - 98 74

5°

32

Sloop

Woolwich - 98 74

74 33 32

Chatham 98 74 38

74

32

Ships Names.

Neptune -New -

Firm -

Juno -

Discovery -

Ocean - *

Centaur -Flintagenet New - *

Lutine - -

Fewer air e New New -New -

Elizabeth

Warrior

Penelope

Building, or Nature of their Repair,

Building - - " - -

Ordered to be built -

Building - " -

f Between Small and Mid- 7 I dling Repair - - -j

Middling Repair - - "

Building....

Building -

Ordered to be built -

Ordered to be built -

Middling Repair -

Building -

Ordered to be built - -

Ordered to be built - -

Ordered to be built - -

C Between Middling and 7

I Large Repair - - - i

C Between Small and Mid- 7 I dling Repair - - -$

Middling Repair -

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

February 1797 -

In Hand - - -In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand

February 7 9

September 1796 April 1797 -

Completed.

January 1797 Uncertain -March 1798

Uncertain -

May 1797 -

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

August 1797 .

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

November 1797

March 1797 -

September 1797

Charge of their

Hulls. Marts, and Yards.

2,100

5.000 11,000

3.000 4 700

5.000

9>3°°

1.000

6,000

3>7°°

25> 400 2,000 2,500 3>8oo

17,600

12,200 7,7 00

Rigging and Stores. TOTAL.

f. £

4,700 6,800

5,coo

4,000 15,000

— 3,oooo

4>?oo

— 5,000

2,500 11,800

1,000

3, Soo 9>5oo

3,7oo

7,2oo . 32,6oo

" '2,000

2,500

3,8oo

1,000 18,600

2,200 14,400

2,500 10,2CO

H-t

37 Geo. III. ii° Novembris.

place

where.

Guns.

Ships Names.

Sheerne/s

5°

20

Jut elope

Perjeus *

98

74

Sloop

74

Sloop

Dreadnought

New " "

New

Elephant -Fortitude ~

Brijk - ' ‘

Ariel -

Plymouth

120 I IO

8o

74

64

3 *

Caledonia Hibernia -

Foudroya Mcgnifcent Veteran Jphigenia -I Cajlor -

o

o

o

OQ.

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Building -Great Repair

Time when may'be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand - -

July 17 97 "

Completed.

Uncertain

Uncertain

Charge of their

Hulls, Marts, and Yards.

3,000

3,700

Rigging and Stores.

2,300

2,000

TOTAL.

c

5,300

5,7 00

Building " "

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Middling Repair

- In Hand -

April 1797 January 1797

January 1797 July 1797

Middling Repair - " "

r Between Small and Mid-7 { dling Repair - - "J

Middling Repair -

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

U ncertain - -

Sep ember 1797.]une 1797 - -

June 1797 - -

December 1797 -

6.000

1.000

1.000 13,900 16,000

2.000

1.000

4,400

4,200

500

6.000

1.000 . I,coo 18,300 20,200

2,500

I,0C0

Ordered to be built Building Building Middling Repair Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

January 1797 January 1191 January 1797

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

September 1797 -March 1797 April 1797 - -March 1797 March 1797

1,000

4.600 10,000

9,3c O

7.600 3»4°°

3,400

4.000 2,300

2.000 1,600 1,000

1,000

4.600 14,000 11,600

9.600 5,coo 4.400

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards

208,900

51,900

260,800

96L 1 -fir 'suqiuoatOtf o 11 p 11

I'

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

CT

ft)

o

XT *

0

IA

M

River Thames

N'ortbJIeer -Gravesend -

Sboreham '

Harwich -

Jbicklerjbard

Burjledon -

tfijleytborn

At different H '

S

pr

74

64

40

J8

36

74

3 *

Sloop

74

38

74

38

40

32

Sloop

A] ' ‘ ‘

Renown

Dragon

Northumberland

Kent — "

Eancaster - *

Acajla -Endyttiion - *

Naiad ~ ~

SyriuJ ~ ~

Superb - - ‘

L'Achille -

Hydra ~

Pheajant -

Conqueror - '

Etballon -

Spencer - -

Boadicea -

Cambrian - -

New - " *

New - " '

New - " *

New - '

O

merchants yards.

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building - "

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building - -

Building

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Ordered to be built

Ordered to be built

Ordered to be built

In Hand - - -In Hand -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

I March 1798 February 1798 -February 179.8 -_ February 1798 -February 1793 -Decemberj 7 96 -March 1797 March 1797 March 1797 April 1797 - -

February 1798 -

February 1798 -April 1797 - -

February 1797 -

February 1798 -February 1797 -

April 1798 - -April 1797 - 1

March 1797 -

March 1797

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

Total

Grand Total for the Ships

- c 18,5c© 1 9,200 22,200 18,000 20,900 1 1,000 5.600 10,200 4.600 6,200 OOOO OOOO S3 o o — 0 0 0 t t t n c 22,500 22,200 26,300 22,000 23,900 16,000 9,200- . 13,700 7,900 9,300

m 20,600 — 20,600

20,600 5»5°° 3»?oo 20,600 9,000

- 1,7,00 O O 2,400

- 12,000 - 12,000 9,900

5»9.00 4,000

9,600 10,000 3 300 9>6co 3,300

- 4,400 3»3oo 7,7oo

Urn 7,600 — 7,6oo

- 4>S°° 3,000 7,5oo

- 4,500 3,000 7,5oo

4>5°° 3»oooo 7,5oo

247,600 60,500 3°8,ioo

456,500 112,400 568,900

37 Geo. III. ii° Novembris.

g

eg'

> i

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

k Deptford

Ji oolwith

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth

O.i WORKS of the YARDS.

- To completing the new Rigging House, ipc. ——

- To complete the Five Bays of Store Mafthouses over the Locks, Bricklayers and Malons Pound, with as much of the Wharf Wall next the River

as can be complied with ——

- To carry on the new Storehouses adjoining the new Rigging House, to the Fourth Floor - - . - -

I-

Sco

13,000

4,500

To carry on the Works of the Docks and Baffin, agreeable to Brigadier General s Plan and Estimate -

To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf and Slip, at South Side of Boathou Channel -To carrying on 100 Feet running of Stohe Wharf, West Front of New Ground -To completing a new Jetty Head on the North Side of the South Dock -

To build a new Pitch House -

1S 2,000

2.000

3.000 9,400

600

00

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill ——

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head, and Landing Place

T o completing the Officers Offices, See. ——

Towards building the Hemp House, N° 3 ——

To digging the Rock at the Front and Back of the Officers new Offices and Slopes -

To a new Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard, fronting the Commissioners Lodgings ——

Towards building the East Cross intermediate new Storehouse ——

Towards building the Hope Walls and Stairs at the Back of the Officers new Offices ——

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank Houses, thatstand over the Mast Locks, toform the Road in Front of the said Houses - - - . - -

Total

Total for the Ships brought forward - -

Grand Total - £.

600

2,000

2,000

3,000

9OO

I,/>00

2,000

800

300

199,200

568,900

768,100

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards -

For the Ships in the Merchants Yards -Towards the Improvements in the Yards

A B S T R A C

Hulls - - - - -Rigging and Stores -

Hulls - - - - -Rigging and Stores -

» a *

Grand Total

L-

- £.208,9007 51,9003 260,800

- - 247,6007 - 60,5005 308,100

- 199,200

- - £. 768,100

Viz'.

The Sum of Seven hundred Sixty-eight thousand One hundred Pounds,

vf. S. Hatnond. C. Ifope. f. H. liar mood.-

Geo. Rogers. IV. Palmer, lVn Rule. S,

w

v|

vO

o *

37 Geo. lit

i i0 Novembris.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Call, deferred. The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of this Inlhmt for the House

to be called over upon Sevennight, the 24th

Day of this Instant November, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon day Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant November.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Houlei

119

The House was moved; That the Order made upon 7'uejday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday Seven-night, the 23d Day of this Instant November, upon the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie, Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned might be read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant November> resolve itself Into the said Committee!

O pie's Divorce EilJ, deferred.

Lcominlter Election Peti lions, deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Bill requiring the 3d Day of this Instant November, for reading aSe- the Military condTime, upon this Day Fortnight; the 25th Day of persons this Instant November, the Bill to enable His Majesty deferred, to require the Military Service of Perlohs therein described, to be embodied, in case of Neceftity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That 'the Order made upon the 2d Day of this Instant November, for taking into Consideration; upon Thursday Sevennight the 24th Day of this Instant November, the Petition of Robert Biddulph, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful F.leftors

of the Borough of Leominster,in the Count,'of Here-T, ,])c m bc tod , &cond Tim<,

ford, severally complaining of an undue Election and ~ ,

ileturn for the said Borough, might be read. "P°n ,he ,ft DV of next-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con-lideration upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 29th Day of

this Instant November, at a Quarter of an Hour before

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon:

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the Parties; with Orders , for their Attendance accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lords

Smith.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

have agreed to

Navy, Visual-ling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, Bill.

S rnpfy, deterred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant November, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-

night, the 28th Day of this Instant November, resolve itself into the said Committee:

Ordered, That Mr. Bateman Robson have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Month, on his private Absence Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to West Loot the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port-Pigham, alias IVefl Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred,in the County of Berks.

Ways and The House was moved, That the Order made upon A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

M aus,de- Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Owners of Land in the Stewartry of , was

farett" mittee of the whole House, upon this Day Fortnight, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the 25til Day of this Instant November, to consider That, by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granted to His Majesty, might be read. " converting into Money, the Statute Labour in the

And the said Order being read accordingly; " Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repair-

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. " ing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the

_ Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort- " jaul Stewartry," certain Trustees were appointed, and night, the 28th Day of this Instant November, resolve certain Assessments, or Conversion Monies, in lieu of itleif into the said Committee. Statute Labour.'were authorized to be levied, formak-

QuakersRelief The.House was moved, That the Order made upon Siil, deferred. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant November, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence, in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. k Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant , resolve

itself into the said Committee:

VOL. £2.

ing and repairing, and keeping in Repair; the said Highways, Bridges, and Ferries; and that the Roads herein after mentioned, running through the said Stewartry, that is to say, the great Road from the New Bridge over the River Nith, at Dumfries, by Cafledouglas, and Bridge of Fleet, at Gatehouse,to Bridge of Cree, near Newtondovglas; the Road from Bridge of Cree aforesaid, by the Bridge over the River Kenn, near New Galloway, to Dumfries; the Road from Bridge of Fleet aforesaid, by Kirkcudbright and Da/beaty, to Dumfries; the Road from Kirkcudbright to the Confines of in the

Parish of Dalmellington; the Road from High Bridge of Cree, near Drumlawantie, to the Confines of Ayrshire; the Road from Bridge of Kenn aforesaid, to the Confines of Dritmfries-shire, near Minnyhive-, the Road from the Port t o(

Kirkcudbright Hoads Petition.

v

120

I I

Novembris.

u4. 1796.

of Dub of Hafs, through the Parishes of Urrand Kirk- that the inclosing of the fahre will be Injurious to the

patrick Durham, to the Confines of Dumfries-fdre, in the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Com-

Parish of Dunfcore; and the Road from Cajl/e Douglas mon, unless such just and reasonable Corr.]x.nfation

to the Port called Garden Creek; and the Bridges upon shall be made to the said Reverend Coke, in lieu

the said several Roads, are generally in bad Repair, un- of the Tythes of the said Common, as shall exonerate the safe for, or incommodious to Travellers, and cannot same from all Payment of Tythes: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pat's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

be made, repaired, and kept in Repair, by Means of the afoi'esaid Assessments, or Converlion Monies, or the other Funds now by Law leviable and applicable; and it would be of great Benefit to the Public, if the said Roads and Bridges were properly made, and kept in Repair, and if Powers were granted for levying Tolls on the said Roads, and otherwise accomplishing the said Purposes; and that the aforesaid Assessments, or Conversion Monies, authorized to be levied by the said from the ill of January to the 3 ill December 1797 in Part recited Act; have, in many Instances, been found also, inadequate to the Purposes of making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the other Roads and Bridges, in the said Stewartry, and it would be beneficial to the Public, if the said Assessments, or Conversion Monies, and the Stent Or Assessment, which is authorized by the Sixteenth Act

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in,

And

E Hi ma tes, &c> prclented.

Upper Canady

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- NovaScotix blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1797:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, blishment of the Province of New in Ame-

for repairing Highways and Bridges, so far as the same rica, from the 24th June 1797 to the 24th June 1798:

extends to the said Stewartry, were increased: And And also,

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-a Bill for more effectually making and repairing the blishment of the llland of John, in America, from Road, from the New Bridge, over the River Nit h,at the ift of January to the 31st of December 1797: And Dumfries, by Castledouglas and Bridge of Fleet, at Gate- also,

house, to Bridge of Cree, near Newtondouglas, and the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-other Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, before blishment of the Wand of Cape Breton, in America,

described, and for amending and enlarging the Powers from the 24th 1797 to the 24th June 1798: And

of the said Act, made in the Twentieth'Year of the also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Wand of Newfoundland, from the ill

of Apr 1797 to the ift of 179S: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Wands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at attending the fame, from the ift of to the 31st

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and of December 1797: And also,

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Sir Robert Laurie,

New BrunT-wick.

St. John's llland.

Cape Breton *

Newfound-

land.

Bahama I fund.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, and who have Right of Common, within the Parish of

Petition from

certain Pro- ______________________________ J

South or South Normantonym. the County of Derby, was presented mantonindo- to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for sure Bill. dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish, of South Nor- manton,in the County of Derby, and Setting forth, That no Agreement having been entered into by the Persons interested in the said inclosure with the Reverend D'Eives Coke, the Rector of the said Parish, for the allotting of Land to him in lieu of the Refto-rialTythes of the said Common, the Petitioners conceive,

A Paper, intituled, uBermudas or Somers Wands, Bermuda.

" from the 24th of June 179710 the 24th June 1798:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Wand of Dominica, from the Dominica.

" ill of January to the 31st December 1797:" And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October to the 10th of October 1797: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates 1797." Totals of the And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were Eftinuus. read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth;

viz.

New South Wales.

ESTIMATE

s.

lie

n-

m

:u

'!C

:ie

' S Eilirra *

O.T

1- % cCt4 si

id

I' Xevifc. I- New Sr-

VMCX.

1- .}& H Iiiai

d

I- Cape Er;

d

[- \rtfi~-

Lna.

I Bi i~

Iutii

S

:s

a

5, Jwi

e Danx-

- 4\>

t

Tf-» Eit>‘

37 Ge6. III. ji° .

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper ,in America, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1797.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Justice - -

Attorney General -

Solicitor General -

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, each £. 500 Clerk of the Crown and Pleas -Two Sheriffs, at £. too per each Secretary and Register - -

Clerk of the Council - -

Receiver General of the Revenues -Five Executive Councillors, each j£. 100 Naval Officer - -

Salary of the Bishop's Commifiary - -

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen -Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit Agent -

Total

2,000 — —

1,100 ——

300 ——

100 — —

1,000 -

100 — — 200 — —

300 ——

100 — —

200 — ---

500 — — 100 — —

150 ——

400 — —

250 ——

200 — —

7,000 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1797.

JL.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - r ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer ——

Allowance to a Bishop ——

D° - to Ministers ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England Allowance towards finishing the College at Win ——

To the Reverend Mr. Bennet, as in the preceding Estimate - -

To the Reverend Mr. Breynton, D° ——

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian College at until other-

wife provided for--- ——

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Assembly ——

Mrs. Cottnam s Annuity ——

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit - -

Agent ——

1,000 — - — 850 — —

150 ——

2 Jo — — 100 — —

150 ——

50 ——

700 — — 96S " —

75 ——

500 — — 100 — — IS0 ——

75 ——

too — — 100 — —

200 — — 200 — — 200 — —

Total

S>9lS ——

Vol. 52.

Ii ESTIMATE

122

i i JVovem

4. 1796.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of A «> , in America, from the 24th June 1797 to the 24th June 17 3

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice

Three Assistant Judges, at joo per Annum each

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer

Surveyor General of Lands -Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

Allowance to the Bishop of TVo-t Scotia Commiflary in Afcw

Allowance, bn Account, for Contingencies -

Agent ——

1,000 — — 500 — — 900 — ——

,50 ——

250 — — 100 — —

,50 ——

700 ——

500 — —

15° ——

Total

4,550 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in

from the ift of January to the 31st December 1797.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ' -

Provost Marfoal - -

Minister ——

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, D° - - D° -

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit ——

Allowance for Contingencies - - - .

Agent

Total -

500

300 100 150 100 100 70 100 90 60 100 130 100

1,900 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape , in,

from the 24th of June 1797 to the 24th June 1798.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Minister - -

Surveyor General - -

Naval Officer'....

Provost Marshal *

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster -

Allowance, upon Account, for Contingencies - - _ .

Agent -

Total

L

£ 500 300 100 ISO IOO 100 IOO IOO

40

aoo

150

1,840 ——

ESTIMATE

37 Geo. Ill

ii° Novembris.

123

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, from the

xft o(ylpril 1797 to the ift of April 1798.

The Salary of the Governor - - *

Governor' Secretary -Judge of the Admiralty - -

Naval Officer -Allowance to the Missionary at Saint John's -

Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit -Agent - -

£ d.

- 500

- 182 JO —

- 200

ICO — —

- 50

- 100 — - —

- 100 '

1,232 10 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama in America, in

Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the lame, from the ill of Jamary to the 31st of December 1797.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

Salary of the Chief Justice - - ~-

Two Assistant Judges, at £. per Annum each Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Attorney General -

Provost Marshal . - -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands - - - *

M nifter -

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleutbra - - " - -

Three Mission ries to the other Islands, .70 each - -

Allowance to Mrs. tt'egg, for the Support of Kerfelf and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Conuderation of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband Edmund Rush IVegg, the late Attorney General ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -

Allowance for Contingencies - - - - .

Agent ——

800 — — 500 — —

400 ——

150 ----- '

,5o ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

70 ——

70 ——

210 — —

sSo -

700 — —

300 ——

5° ——

4,100 ——

BERMUDAS, or Somers Islands, from the 24th June 1797 to the 24th June 1798.

Salary of the Chief Justice m m m m m - - 500 — —

Fees on Receipt m m ‘ m - 80 — y

580 — —

Vol. 52.

ISLAND

12-4

11 JVovemb

id. 1796.

ISLAND of Dominicai from thfc ift of January to the JI ft December 1797;

Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island

» A

600 — —

Toctafe when it Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

' ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of iVm; South WaleSi from the ioth of

October 1796 to the 10th of October 1797.

Salary of the Governor ——

Lieutenant Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate -

Commissary ——

Provost Marshal - -- - v --'- -

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary -

Chaplain -

Surgeon ——

Four Mates, at £.91. 5 each ——

Assistant - - . - -

Surveyor of Land j - - .

Boat Builder ——

lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island - -

Additional Salary, to be reduced to £. too when Lieutenant Governor shall be promoted in the Line of his Profession -

Assistant Chaplain - " -

Two Deputy Comniiflaries of Stores -

Deputy Courtmiflary of Stores at Norfolk Island - -

Three Assistant Storekeepers ——

Allowance to Mr. Whitt, late Surgeon - - \ -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Twelve Superintendaqt» of Convicts, at £. 50 per each, 93 in the preceding Estimate Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services -Upon Account, for Fees and Audit ——

Agent ——

Total - . £.

f t dm

1,000 — — 250 —

182 10 — 182 10 — 91 $ —

91 5 —

20 ——

182 IO ---

182 IO —

365 ——

50 ——

18a IO — -91 5 —

250 ——

200 — — -146 — — 182 10 — 91 5 —

150 ——

91 $ —

600 - —

500 — —

200 -- —

JJO ——

5,523 IO —

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES, 1797.

Upper Canada +

Nova Scotia

New Erunswick ....

Klaod of St, John - *

Cape Breton....

Newfoundland - - .

Bahama Islands

Bermudas

Dominica

New South Wales - - - .

Ordered,

37 GeO. III. ii° — 12° — 28° 125

to the said Select Commit fee to be frivolous or ve.xa-the Members of the . tious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southwark the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Vnt *

Ordered, That the said E/ii mates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12 Novembris;

Anno 37® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

Roy.i! a (Ten: A Mcflage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the

to a Bill. Jl\. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker *

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read;

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers;

And being returned *

Mr. Speaker reported That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester\, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to drtrlare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; vizi

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

ttouferefoives Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

28th nistant° House this Day, adjourn till Monday Fortnight, the 28 th Day of this Instant November.

Southwark Sir Edward Knatchbull, from the Select Committee;

tennined de" w 10 were aPPointc to try an< determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

wark, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined *

That George Woodford Esquire, is not duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark:

And also, That the said Select Committee havd determined,

That the last: Election for the said Borough of Southwark, lo far as relates to the said George Woodford lii/Jon, Esquire, is void:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said George Tierney did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said George Woodford Thelluf'on, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear Vol. 52.

the eleftir.g of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in the room of George Woodford Ihel/ujjon,

Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough has been determined to be void.

Sir EdivardKnatchbull also reported from the said Furtlie-r Re-

Select Committee, That they had come to a Refoiu- I ,1 ,/'mk tion, which they had directed him to report to the Elci: onCom-House; and he read the Report in' his Place; and af- lumec- terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee That at the last Election for the Borough of Southwark,

George Woodford ThellufJ'on, Esquire, did aft in Violation of the Statute of the Seventh of William 111. Cap.

4. whereby he is incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon such Election.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com South Nor-mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby, was read committed/ a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord JohnCavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Peti n of the Proprietors of Lands, and who have Right of i//4d/rC" Common, within the Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to' lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Rclgrave have Leave Leave of Ab-to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private fcncei Affairs.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant November,

Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunate 28° die Novembris j

Anno 37® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Mr; Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Proceeding, had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of the House who had de-r Act. livered in Lifts, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

K k Ordered,

i 26

28° Novem

A \ 1796.

Life of Perforin to be ob-jested to on the Kent

Bath Writ. OrchreJ', That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mr. Dickinson, Schior, reported from the Committee, Allerinclo the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open sure ¥1 re‘ the electing of a Citizen to serve in this pfefent Par and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allot- P°UC hament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, ting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Ara-

m thte robin of the Right honourable Thomas Thyme, ble Lands, within the Parish of Alter, in the County

commonly called LordViscount Weymouth, jnow Mar- of was committed; That the Committee had

quis of Bath, called up to the House ol Peers. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-Ordered, That the Freeholders of the County of plied with; and that the Committee had examined Kent, who have petitioned this House, complaining of the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be an undue Election and Return for the said County, true; and that the Parties concerned had given theif ElefiHoatobe do, by themselves or their Agents, on or before the Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com *

8th Day of February 1797, deliver to the Sitting Mem- mittee (except the Owner of Two Common Rights

s ber complained of in the said Petition, or his Agents, on the Failure, not Part of mentioned in the

Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be Bill, and that the whole Number of Common Rights objected to» who voted for the Sitting Member; giving, on the said Pastures is Eighty-two; and that no Per-in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Qbje&ion, and son ' appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the excepted to; and that the said Sitting Member for the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which County 0 ( Kentdo, by himself or his Agents, within they had direifted him to report to the House; and the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on his Part, to he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-the Petitioners, or their Agents. livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are read throughout; and then a Second Time One by thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Estates, or Inhabitants, in the County Palatine of were agreed to by the House.

Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be forth, That the Road from Hulmes Chapel, in the said ingrafted.

County, from the present Turnpike Road leading from

Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in \ Petition of William Tandy Barrett, Clerk, John High-ham . Chelford,in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel, mjy, Charles Jeffery, Edmund Anthony Pyne, and i" ureP ‘

is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious; Tho and others, was presented to the and that, if the same was properly repaired, widened, House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within turned, altered, and kept in Repair, it would be of jjie Parish of High-ham, in the County of great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, certain Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, and and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That there is also a certain Open or Commonable Field,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes called Ham-Down, lying partly within the said Parish aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, of Hand partly within the Parish of Huish as to the House shall seem meet. Episcopi, in the same County, containing together, by

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Estimation, 1,840 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Petitioners and others are Proprietors of, and interested mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it jn> the said Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, shall appear to them, to the House: - and it will not only be of great Benefit and Advan-

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Hobart, fee.: tage to all Persons interested, if the same were pro-And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine perly divided, exchanged, and inclosed, but of Public of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Hulmes Cha-jpcl Road Petition.

Norwich and North Waltham Roads Petition, reported.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

closing, the said Open or Commonable Lands and

Sir John Wodehousereported from the Committee, to Fields, as in the Judgment of the House shall seem

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and Clergy of ineet-

the County of Norfolk, and City of Norivich, was re- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that that tire Standing Orders of the House, relative to fy[r> Dickinson, Senior, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- 0

tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Hare being examined, said. That the Road leading from Magdalen Gate, in the City and County of the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in North Walfham, in the County of Norfolk, lying in the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Chamber, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

frorn Magdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ravel!:, was read a R.ivelli's Nat King s Arms Inn, in North Walsham, in the County of Second Time. Bin, cora‘

Norfolk; And that Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Coke of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John mi"ed‘ Mrfolk do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Werton zGrand Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of Zoyland, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second mined. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

C'Hin

SnJ'j trj M, <r

A Bill for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Hinrichs's Nat. Bill, committed.

28° Novembris.

6.

Alferfe

Geo. III.

127

pen

lot-

,ra-

nty

rad

the

rn-

ied

be

sir

m *

its

he

US

:r-

he

he

:h

id

ie

e

lure Jv pwtef'

Si tin herd's and

rurk'o Nut. Petition.

Milbrooke Church Petition,

57

Afternoon} at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's tham, in the County of Lincoln to the River Chamber. near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral'

Cut, from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell A Petition of John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County Blaurock was presented to the House, and read} Pray- of Nottingham, whereby the Petitioners are incorporat-

r''' — f ----1 ----- ---- 1 - n!" c-- ed, and Powers are given them to make the said Canal,

and other Works, and the Petitioners are also thereby enabled to raise among themselves, for executing the said Act, the Sum of 75,000, and, if that Sum should prove insufficient, they are also empowered to raise a further Sum of 30,000; £.20,000, Part thereof, by Subscription among themselves, and the remaining 10,000 by Mortgage of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that Doubts have arilen, whether

Bill for

ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Milbrooke, in

the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, the Proprietors of Shares, in the said Undertaking, can

and read; Setting forth. That the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, arid Diocese of Winchester, is a very antient Structure, and is in a

very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and not large enough for the Parishioners to assemble therein, to hear Divine Service, and it is necessary that the said Church should be taken down, and re-built; and that the present Burying Ground, or Church Yard, is too small for the Use of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners have agreed with Sir Charles Baronet, and his Undertenant, for a Piece of Ground, more convenient to re-build the said Church on, and which will also furnish an additional Piece of Ground,

be compelled to raise, among themselves, the said further Sum of20,000; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have nearly completed the Works thereby directed to be done, and have expended almoll the Whole of the Money they have raised among themselves, or have been able to borrow on Mortgage of the Tolls, and have also incurred sundry Debts, and considerable Arrears of Interest are due on the Money so borrowed on Mortgage, and also of the Interest payable to the several Proprietors by virtue of the said Act; and that, to enable the Petitioners to finish the said Works, and discharge the said Debts and Arrears of Interest, it is requisite that they should be enabled to raise a further

IflijOlilfc

tiiiufl.

for a Burying Place for the said Parish; and that it will be necessary, for carrying the above Purposes into Sum of Money than by the said Act they are empow-Execution, to raise a Sum of Money, which cannot be ered to do; and that, by the said Act, the said Corn-done without the Authority of Parliament: And there- pany are restrained from making any greater Distri-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a But ion of Profits, among themselves, than £.8 per Bill, to take down and re-build the said Parish Church Centum on the Money raised, and are required to lower of Milbrooke, and to raise a Sum of Money for that the said Tolls, when they, in any One Year, after pay-, and also to purchase Land sufficient to re- ing all the Expences of executing the said Act, and

Voices to Committee on South Normanton Inclosure Bill.

Chonmert's Nat. Petition.

.-/bn so d fnc&s

!, com *

ted.

build the said Church on, and to answer the Purposes of a Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That /the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, he.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices who. come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby, is committed.

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power A Petition of George Choumert, was presented to the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a_ Bill, thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, and according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the in, the liune. ....

making such Dividend of £.8 per Centum, shall exceed certain Sums in the Act mentioned; and that it is expedient, that the said Restriction, and also lb much of the said Act, as requires the Tolls to be lowered, in the same above-mentioned, should be repealed; and that the said Act, in several other Re-Ipefts, requires Amendment and Alteration: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions,. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pthe Lord Grey, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

Bedford Tn-cloiurc Pet; tion.

Borel's and Azemar's Nat. Bill committed.

A Bill for naturalizing Abram Henry Henry

BoreI, Louis Bore!, and Stephen was read a Se-

cond Time.

Pari 111 of Saint Mary, In the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and

;<k>

Ktfti

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, dilperfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable

Grantham Canal Petition.

Si

Mr. Blackburne,he.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Gran-

Vol. $Z.

of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and incloled, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners, and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring i i Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,

128

28° Novem

A. 179

Mn. Pollard's Petition

against E?:t mi anuCutCorii>e Iniloiure Bill.

granted by an Act, made in the last Sellioti of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of f.2,500,000, for the Uses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy, visual Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling,

Transport Bills, outstanding, and that became,

and and J I'aninort or Billr — out-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jekyll and Lord William RuJJe'l do prepare) and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Elizabeth Pollard, of Chilton, in the Parish of Moor/inch,in the County of Somerset, Widow, will become, due betwixt the ill of and the landing.

Proprietor of certain Estates, in the Parish of Exton, in 31st December 1796.

the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D° fuhfnihetl Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and into stock, inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, with- Transport Bills, subscribed into Stock, in Terms of an in the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and Act of the present Session, distinguishing the diifercnt also within the several Manors of CutcombeMohun and ClalTes to which they belong; and also Hating the

Amount of 3 per Cent. 4 per Cent, and 5 per Cent. Stock, created.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

an

due betwixt 1 Jan. and 31 Dec. 796.

Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is materially interested in the Division and Inclosure of

the said Commons and Walle Lands, and, if the said Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Bill should pals into a Law, in its present Form, Hie Transport Bills, that became, or will become, due be-conceives it will be very injurious to her Right and tvvixt the ill of January and 31st December 1796.

Interest: And therefore praying, That Hie may be

heard, by her Counsel, or Agent, against Rich Parts of 0;vW> That such a Number of Copies of the fe- Account,

the said Bill as are prejudicial to her Right and In- vera, Accounts and Estimate, which were presented to to be terest; and that the same may not pals into a Law as it the House upon the 2gth Day of by Mr.

n° , n , . f., „ , r , . Filler,from the Exchequer, and by Mr. from

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Kavv ht. nr:‘ f,„i mail be inibimt for 1 ho

Accounts ordered.

Monty coined tince 1793 *

Application ol Vote of Credit.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if Ihe thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Money coined in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing the

Totals in each Year, and distinguishing also the Amount of Gold and Silver.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Application of the Money

the Navy Office, be printed, as shall be lulficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their OrJ.n-.nre Ef-

Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1797 — Land Service.

Mr. Sargent also presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

An Account of the Outllanding Ordnance Debentures, with the Dates, and respective Sums, and Services, for which they were issued.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

timate, and Account o i ounhnding Ordaincc P. Ik nlares, prekntui.

EXPENCE

28° Novembris.

96.

mull of

'> an NY.?:, and

' or £&

1 tilt ‘iidii;

> an Da.--.

and intasrj. ' an rent the )ck,

) an jyd-j., and

fe- Accor to Jr. am

:he

eir Orh-

:e,

Ore:

n-

:r *

nt

er

is

37 Geo. III.

129

EX PENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not

provided for by Parliament;

On Account of 1 7 9 i

N

Paid for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

2,890 15 11

WEST! INDIES.

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands ——

FLANDERS, HOLLAND, AND GERMANT.

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery -

EXPEDITION under the Command of General CLARKE.

Paid for Contingencies -

EXPEDITION under the Command of Sir SID NET SMITH.

Paid for Contingencies -

EXPEDITION tinder the Command of General DOTLE.

1 Paid for Contingencies ——

8,052 g 4 853 5 3 374 11 11 3 9 1 6

1,860 18 10

STORES PREPARED FOR FOREIGN SERVICE.

Small Arms, Swords, Ammunition, Artificers Tools, and other Stores, d.

shipped a tPortJmenth- - - - 11,619161

Swords and Accoutrements for a Corps of French Cavalry - - 3 >602 15 —

SCOTLAND.

Paid for Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

NORTH EAST DISTRICT.

Paid to ihis Grace the Duke of Northumberland, for Rent of Lands at Castle, on

Account of the Barracks, from ift ‘January 1778 to 24th March 1795 -

C I N QU EPORTS.

Paid for nc\V Works at Dover and Hythe, and for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies in the Division - - 17,764 6 2

For Brass and Iron Mortars, Shells, and other Stores Tent to Dover - 3,474 15

SH

Paid for Works, Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

GRAVESEND AND

Paid for Repairs of the Works, Magazines, and Srorehouses Paid for fitting up Vessds, for Anchors, Platforms, and other Articles; and for the Wages of Bargemen and others employed in establishing a Communication between Gravesend and -

F E V E R S H A M.

Paid for Repairs of Buildings and Mills, and for ereifting Cylinder Houses for Charring Wood -

1,210 ij 6 2,414 8 10

15,222 it f

10,590 2 2

2,712 — 9

1

21,239 I 4

i, S67 11 11

3>$-i~ 2 4

2,955 13 10

L r M E REGIS. Paid for completing the Repair of The Cobb

486 7 8

Vol. 52.

LI

DEFENCE

130

28° Novembris

A. 179

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

Paiil for repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, AND CORPS OF ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS.

Paid the extra Price of 8read and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in England -

Paid die additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for Quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery -Paid for Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers ih Barracks in Great Britain Paid for the Hire and Forage of Horles for the Parks of Artillery and Battalion Guns in England; also for the Pay of Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, and for Contingencies -

£. s. d.

1,266 11 1

445 11

1,506 12 1

24>397 5 *

PRO VIA NT

Paid for the Hire and Forage of Horles, and for the Pay of Conductors and Drivers, from 4th to 15th November 1795 ——

REGIMENTS OF FOOT.

Paid the Allowances for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards and Marching Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain - - - - ~

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred, in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, beypnd the Grants by Parliament for that Service for the Year 1795

Carried forward to Fol. 132 - - £

£ d.

10,525 8.11

57,616 — a

1,213 10 —

2,098 ij 10 i 4.553 9 9

74,830 — 3

189,384 — —

On Account of 1796.

NEWFOUNDLAND.

For Brass Ordnance, Powder, and Stores sent -

FA X.

For Small Arms and Stores sent ——

Taid Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of Temporary Works

£ s‘ d.

5 3 5 7

2,708 17 6

QUEBEC.

For Stores sent -

JAM'AICA.

For Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, also for Small Arms and Ammunition sent ——

WEST INDIES.

For a Supply of Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, for the Battering and Field Train of Artillery, also for an additional Supply of Small Arms and Ammunition sent to the Leeward Islands For Small Arms, Powder, and Stores sent to Dominica -For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, sent to Nevis For Small Arms and Accoutrements for sundry Regiments of Colour in the Leeward Islands ——

Paid for Contingencies of the Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands - -

£. s. d.

56,558 10 8 4,138 12 — 802 8 9

19,706 ——

3.575 7 0

ST DOMINGO.

For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, issued for Two Brigades of Foreign Troops ordered there - . °-.

8,066 16 0

3.222 13 1

5 6 13 9

8,813 17 5

94.78 9 3 4.077 0 6

GIBRALTAR.

' v

28° Novembris

131

37 Geo. III.

G I B RA L

For Brals and Iron Ordnance, Carriages, Powder, Shells, Timber, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores sent, also for a Supply of Small £.

Arms and Accoutrements for the Garrison - - - - 51,520 " 4

For Timber and Building Materials for the Works - 6,547 1 2

CORSICA.

For a Supply of Powder, Shot, Shells, Small Arms, and other Stores lent

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

For Small Arms and Intrenching Tools lent ----- 1,340 7 4

For the Pay and Passage of Civil Officers, and for Contingencies - 941 19 8

EXPEDITIONS under the Command of Sir SIDNEY SMITH.

For Carriages, Ammunition, and Stores for Gun Boats; allb framed *

Buildings for Barracks, Iron Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores lent to the llland of St. Marcou - . - - - 7,242 5 3

Paid for Contingencies - 2,494 15 10

STORES PREPARED FOR

Brals Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores delivered at Portsmouth - 2,375 — " —

Brals Ordnance, Shot, Shells, and other Stores lent to , to

be issued as the Service may require - - - 13,131 1 8

Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores shipped for

Service ----- ----- 7,673 6 1 r

ARMED TRANSPORTS.

Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores issued for Arming sundry Transports

GUERNSEY.

For a Supply of Stores sent -

JERSEY.

For Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores lent - -

ALDERNEY.

For Brals Ordnance and Ammunition lent ——

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

For Iron Ordnance and Stores lent for Defence of the several Batteries on the Coalts

NEUTRAL

Paid into the Court of Admiralty on Account of the Cargo of the captured

by a Sloop of War, being over and above the Amount received on the Sale of the said Cargo by Public Auction ——

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY AND ENGINEERS. Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned

Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in England, to 31st October 1796 - 20,721 5 7

Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery 1,681 7 8

Pay of an Augmentation of Three Captains to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 31st December 1795 to 31st December 1796 inclusive 550 10 —

Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery in the Service of Great,

consisting of 339 Men, Officers included, from 27 th February to 31st December 1796 inclusive - - - - 5,325 2 —

For Barrack Bedding and Utensils lent to the Artillery Barracks in Great Britain - - 1,833 16 2

For Brals Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns attached to the Regiments of Foot and Militia in Great Britain -, also for Tents for Artillery - 12,282 15 9

Vol. 52.

58,067 1 6

17,459 18 8

3,282 7 — 9,737 1 1

23,j79 8 7 5> 2 5 5 6

1,231 — 10 5,015 9 i 609 11 2

5>779 9 6 2,880 19 1

42,394 7 2 ARMS,

28° Novemlr

A. 1796

132

ARMS, TENTS, AND AMMUNITION FOR THE ARMY.

Arms to the Life and Dragoon Guards; to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Fencible Cavalry; also to sundry Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry; to the Third Regiment of Foot Guards; to sundry Regiments and Volunteer Companies of Foot;. to the Royal Regiment of Artillery; to Two Regiments of French Emigrants; and to a Corps of Dutch Artillery ——

For Tents issued for Service of Regiments - - - - .

Ammunition to a Regiment of Dragoons i the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot for Service; also to sundry Regiments of Fencible and Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry; to sundry Fencible Regiments and Volunteer Companies of Foot; and to flindry Regiments of French Emigrants for Exercise and Service ——

Forge Cart, with Harness, to a Regiment t>f Dragoons -

r

s.

60,714 19 1

61,548 ——

4,640 17 — 48 15 —

ARMS AND AMMUNITION FOR MILITIA.

Arms to sundry Regiments of Militia ----- - 3.451 10 4

Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Militia for Exercise and Service 1,720 18 11

Brought forward on Account of 1795

Total Unprovided

c

£. s.

126,952 II 1

5>J 72 9 3

425,366 10 6

189,384 ——

614,750 io 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1797 1

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Mailer General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the Tower

And at the following Places;

Laboratory at Woolwic, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D°, and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at DJ Hampton Court and St. and Green-

wich ——

Woolwich ——

Purfeet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle -

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey

Dover ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddyjhard - -

Plymouth

Key ham Point ——

r Pendeimis, Scilly IJl Chester and

Storek" at \ Berwick, CarlijleTinmouth Castle, and Clijford's,

Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort -Guernsey - - - -.

JeiJ<y - '....

Isle of Man ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ——

£, s.

5.734 18

2,076 5 —

1,37? 12 6

310 5 —

226 ——

570

605

255

663

144

380

583

523

120

823

303'

653

170

17

5

J7

7

7

17

7

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

430 — 448 2

448 2

IOO —

545 17

6

6

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

£ 27>495 5 —

;C *

3.747 1 6 Pay

2§° Novem

37 Geo. III.

Pay of Civil Officer's and Artificers at —

North Britain Gibraltar "Jamaica St. Chr

Antigua Dominica St. Vincent Barladoes / Grenada 'Tobago -Martinico -St. Lucia Bahama Islands Quebec -Halifax -

I Annapolis -

I Ne w Brunswick -

n St. John's and Placentiain Newfoundland -

Pay of Mailer Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great and of the

Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of ,with their Allowance for Coals end Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tdwer, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Meflagts, Portage Letters, and other Contingencies - -

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Callies, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance, in Great BritainGuernjey, and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Royal Military Artificers, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the Common Duty I of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Gleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 6,464 Men, J. i. d.

Officers included - 177,545 2 6

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, consisting of 1,199 Men,

Officers included, and 1,572 Horses - 83 ,753 — 2

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors,' and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at ll'oolwich ——

Establishment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £.1,623,774. 19. 8. being the Amount of this Estimate -

Ordinary - -

£ s. d. 554 10 — L?3i 7 <5 273 15 ~

584 ——

584 -

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

5S4 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

219 — — 861 15 — 63o xo — 1

>t S — 629 12 6 693 to —

3,416 17 6

18,000 ——

15,000 — —

3.000 ----- '

6,coo ——

2.000 ——

12,921 ----- '

266,298 2 8

a>327 l$ ~ 2,626 17 6

19,610 13 *

2,631 12 6 378,221 15

Extraordinaries, 1797.

NE tVFOUND LA ND.

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current £. s. d.

Service, and Contingencies ----- - - 4,000 ----- - *

For Fuel for the Troops at St. John's, Placentia, St. Pierre, and Miquelon 2,000 — —

NOVA SCOTIA.

For Current Service and Contingencies -

For the Purchase of Mr. Butler's Lands and Tenements adjoining the Ordnance Premisses at Halifax -

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - -

34)00 ——

2,115 ——

600 ——

£. s.

d.

6,000 — —

5>7 ——

Vol. 52.

M m NEW

134 28° Novembris.

NEW BRUNSWICK.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - , - -

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BERMUDA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BAHAMA

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

JAMAICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ANTIGUA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ST CHRISTOPHER.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

DOMINICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BARBADOES.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

Sr VINCENT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

GRENADA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

TOBAGO.

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

M A RT I N I C 0.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ST LUCIA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, for Service of the 1 (lands in general "-

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, also for Contingencies

S DOMINGO.

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, and Civil Officers, with a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces, also for Contingencies For a Supply of Small Arms and Ammunition - -

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers -

GIBRALTAR.

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works -

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines

Contingencies in the Engineer's Department

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments -

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

On Account, for Repairs, Works, and Contingencies

J E R S E r.

For Repairs and Contingencies

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers

/i d. - 10,000 — -

- 13,108 6 8

- 962 — 10

- 4,492 10 10

- 2,280 — —

- 16,800 — —

- 2,600 ——

2,000 ——

- 1,827 9 *

1,037 19 2 962 — 10

A. 1796.

£. s. d.

1.000 — —

3.000 — — $00 — —

1,200 -

2.000 — — 500 — —

3,000 — — ,

3.000 — —

5.000 -

t 4,000

4.000 -

1,000 — —

6.000 — —

2.000 - —

1,924 1 t

15.000 — — 24,070 7 6

30.000 — —

5.000 —

2.000 -

GUERNSEY

37 Geo. Ill

28° Novembris.

135

GUERNSEY.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at S"

other Places in the Island ----- -- j°37 l9 4

For a Supply of Stores - . - - - L-88 9 ®

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 962 — ip

ISLE OF Repairs and Current Service - -

S COY LAND.

For Repairs of the foveral Forts, Cattles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland; Current Service, and Contingencies ——

N O R Y tiEASY

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CrNQUEPORYS.

For Repairs in the Division j and to strengthen the Works at Dover Cqfilei Current Service, and Contingencies ——

C H A Y H A M.

For Repairs at Chatham, Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockhdmwooi, and Howness j Current Service, and Contingencies - -

For Repairs of the Lines ——

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf, by enclosing the Ground and building a Wharf Wall at the South End thereof -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

7>563 5 4 S3S 18 4

5,000 — — 1,924 1 8

SHEERNESS.

For Repairs of the Breakwaters; Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND AND

For Repairs of the Works - ----- -- 1,600 —

On Account, for the Repair of Vessels, and Wages of Bargemen and . others employed in maintaining the Communication between GraveJ-end and Tilbury 3,000 — —

FEVERSHAM.

For Repairs of the Buildings ——

PORYSMOUYH.

For Repairs of the Old Works and other Buildings at and

various Places in the Division - - 5,563 a 2

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort - - 3,000 — — *

On Account, for building an additional Powder Magazine at Yipter

Point in Portsmouth Harbour, for Ule of the Navy - - - 999 16 11

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf ----- - 20,000 — —

Towards erecting a Wharf from the left of the Dock Works to the

Wall of the Dock Yard - -- -- - a,oco — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 1,924 1 8

G O S P O RY.

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines -For building double Gateways, conttructing Bridges, and building a Sally Port in Weevil Lines ——

To continue the Sea Wall erecting in Front of Hajlar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Hajlar Lake, and to make the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

3,282 9 7 2,968 6 5

1,000 — — 1,924 1 8

PLYMOUYH.

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Cajlles, and at Scilly Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 4,166 12

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,924 1 8

Voi — 52.

£ s‘

5,886 9 6

5C0 — —

9,000' — — < 500 — -+

18,164 14 11

15 °23 5 4

2,077 12 6

4,600 — — 5,400 — —

33»48? ~ 9

9> 74 7 *

6,090 14 4

TORBAY.

28° Novembris. A. 1790.

TORBAY\

'towards the Works on The Berry Head, for Defence of ‘Torbay -

WOOLWICH. L

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - 3,583 2 8

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers «... 1,544 1 8

royal LABORATORY.

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers - - *

tV A LT H A MABBEY. For Repairs of Buildings, eretting a Sulphur Storehouse, Cooperage, Workshops, and Stable

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

For repairing and rc-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, AND CORPS OF ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS.

For Contingencies of Artillery - - - .

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery -Consolidated Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and

Jerfg....

Consolidated Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery in Great Britain Consolidated Allowances to the Companies of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and J erjey ——

On Account of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain Pay of Five Companies of Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confuting of 500 Men, Officers included -On Account of the Pay of Half a Battalion of French Emigrant Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confuting of 19 Field and Staff Officers, 4 Companies of Artillery, 4 Companies of Drivers, and 10 Officers en Second attached to the Corps -Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers confiding of 19 Officers Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery in tire Service of Great , confuting of 339 Men, Officers included -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captain Commissaries and Drivers attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in England -On Account of the Hire and Forage of Horses for the Parks of Artillery in England-, and for Contingencies ----- 1

7,200 — —

3.000 ——

10,342 8 7

3,566 14 — 1,836 18 —

6.000 — —

12,136 5 —

5.000 -

2,719 5 —

6,290 3 4

15.000 — —

20.000 — —

SMALL ARMS.

For the Supply of Regiments ——

SALT PETRE.

For the Purchase of Two Hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company -

J. s. d.

S>zco — —

5>SC7 4 4

9,000 ——

4,340 ——

20,049 10 11

193,091 13 11

150,000 — —

8,000 ——

Unprovided

Office of Ordnance, 28th November 1796.

Extraordinaries

Ordinary

Ordinary and Extraordinaries

£. s. d.

- 1 4,553 9 9

- 74,830 — 3

- 425,366 10 6

L

5Land Service -'"S l Sea Service -

1796 Land Service

630,802 13 4

378,221 15 10

1,009,024 9 2

614,750 10 6 1,623,774 19 8

A. Ross. Sargent.

Baillie.

1

C:

0:

ra

Lrv

laic

ki.

Dr, 7

fore:-:

&R

Ordered,

37 Geo. III.

28° — 290 N

37

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Quaker; Relief Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bill, deferred. ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 8th Day of December next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ferred.

.Ways and Means, deferred.

.Committee on ppie's Divorce Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire, with Mary Burnt, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee!

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counfei, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counfei or Party appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill; and that the Committee hid directed him to report the Bill to the House, without, any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply.de

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 90 die Novembris;

Anno 37® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

PR

AYERS.

tcave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Willett Willett have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

The Lords have agreed to

Indemnity

Pill.

Day appointed forconlidering the Report on Trent and Mersey Canal Bill

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A‘n Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have ne-gledled to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Cal-don Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Refer-voir for supplying the said Canals with Water, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon tiefday Sevennight, the 7th Day of December next.

Wot. $i.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Robert Biddulph, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leo-minster, in the County of Ifereford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions. ....

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

<\nd he went accordingly.

And being returned; >

And several Members returned upon new Writs, and several Members present, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and several of them having delivered in an Account of their Qualifications, and taken arid subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hun-dted and Ninety Members being present;

The Counfei and Agents were called in to the Bar. And the Door of the House being locked; .

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-one Members, then present; were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Namfe of the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he Hated to the House on Tuesday the ill Day of this Instant November; and heing sworn thereto, he was excused accordingly;

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were, not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of John William Anderson, Esquire, William Planter, Esquire, John

land, Esquire; Jervoise Clarke Esquire,

and Richard Mui/mattTrench Esquire,

were drawn, whb having lworn that they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, and let aside, Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Five against whose Elections Petitions were depending; and Seven-N i} teea

L minster

Election

Committee,

appointed.

Milbome Port Ele&ioh Petition considered.

138

teen on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated William Dundas, Esquire; to serve on the said Committee.

And Lids of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrewi

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and William Dundas, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, Simon Torke, Esquire, William Mellijji, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, John,

Esquire, Sir John Dashwoed King, Baronet, George Chambers, Esquire, Oiven Williams, Esquire, Gerrard Noel Edwards, Esquire, Sir David Carnegie, Baronet, George William Richard Harcourt, Esquire, John burne, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, William Dundas, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Robert Biddulpk, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Hyde and John Matthews, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Electors of the Borough of Milbome Port, in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition,

The Serjeant at Arms was dire (fled by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-one Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members Were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Sir James Hamlyn was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee) and the Names of Twenty-three other Members were drawn and set aside, Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Three against whose Elections Petitions were depend-

A> 1796,

ing; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Twelve on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated William Smith, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated the Honourable John Eliot, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lifts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Estimate and Account, which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Sargent, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of WynandAdriaen de Gruyter Vink, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately taken by able and experienced Civil Engineers, it appears practicable to make a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near to a Place called Guinea Port, in the Parish of Breock, in the County of Cornwall, through the several Parishes of Saint , Bodmin, and Eg/ofhayfe,in the (hid County, to a certain

Part of the Camel or Allan River, at or near Dunmeer Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin, and also a certain Navigable Collateral Cvit, or Branch, from the said Canal, at or near to Grcgla Moor, in the said Parish of Saint Breock, to, or near to, a certain Bridge, called Rut hem Bridge, in and through the said Parish of Bodmin; and that such Canal and Collateral Cut will afford the Means of carrying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Tin, Lead, Limestone, Lime, Coal, Stones, Clay, Sand, Dung, Manure, Timber, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, and other Articles, to and from the said Places, whereby the Trade and Commerce of the Towns, situated near to the Line of the said Canal, will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a Country, now unfertile by the Want of Manure, greatly increased, and will also be of great Benefit and Utility to the Public at large: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, with Wharfs, Towing Paths, Reservoirs, Feeders, Basons, and other Works thereto respectively belonging, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall fee most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Gregor,

6 &c.

2 90 Novem

Ordinance Eiinnate, and Account, to be printed-

Choumert' Nat. Bill, presented.

Steinberg ! and Blau-rock'i Nat. Bill, presented.

Vink' Nat. Petition.

Saint Breock find Bodmin Canal Petition.

v

37 Geo. III.

290 Novem

139

&c.: And they are to meet To-mofr6W Morning, at part, was directed to the Sheriff of the County of Surrey Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and aforesaid, red tin have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

was

lately

O *

clioion

That Gcarve IVovdford <ilieliu[;on One of the Burgefics for the said

tligh-ham

InclosureBilJ,

relented.

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, presented to the House, ac-

Borough of Soutine'ark, and that the Lower House of

allotting,

and

Parliament have George II.

adjudged

Theliuffon

the Election of the said.

to be void,"

man dine. the said Sheriff, that,

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields,

within the Parish of High-ham, in the County of Somer-

Jet, and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish Borough, freely and indifferently, by those who should

and com- *

.b ..... ..... in the Place or the said

George I. Goo el ford Theliuffon, within the Borough aforesaid, One other fit and dilcreet Burgess of the aforesaid

of High-ham, and partly within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the same County: And the same was re ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Southwark EJe&ion — Petition of Mr. Tierney.

be present at the Proclamation, he should cause to be elected; and that the Petitioner, and the said George were again Candidates at such renewed Election, and that the said George Woodford The/ lujj'on was, by a certain Indenture, declared to have been A Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, was delivered freely and indifferently chosen, according to the Tenor

in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty, as appears by a certain Writ, directed to the Sheriff of Surrey, bearing Date on or about the 21st Day of May 1796, did, by the Advice and Afient of His Council, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning the State and Defence of the Kingdom of Proclamation, of such Incapacity in him, the said George Great Britain, and the Church, order a certain ParJia- Woodford , the Petitioner, he Handing next

ment to be holden at the City of WeJlrninfer,on the upon the Poll, ought to have been returned, and the

12th Day of July last part, there to treat and have Con Petitioner affirms, that the said George Woodford ference with the Prelates, Great Men, and Peers of the was not freely and indifferently chosen, according ta

and Effect of the aforesaid Writ; and that the Petitioner is advised that the said George Woodford ThelluJJon was not capable of serving for the said Borough, on the said re newed Election, and that Notice having been duly given to the Returning Officer, and the Electors present at the

Law, and the Tenor and Effect of the Writs hereinbefore recited; and that it appears, by a Report made to the House, respecting the pretended Election of the said George Woodford Thellujjbn, that the said George -

Realm, and did, by the Writ aforesaid, bearing Date as aforesaid, command, and strictly enjoin, the said Sheriff of the County of Surrey, that of every Borough in the same County, Two Burgesses of the mod: sufficient and discreet, freely and indifferently, according to the Sta- ford Thellujfon did act in Violation of the Statute of the lutes in that same made and provided, he should cause Seventh of William the Third,. Chapter the Fourth to be elected, and that the Names of those Burgesses, whereby he was incapacitated to serve in Parliament so to be elected, he should cause to be inserted in cer- upon such Election — the Petitioner humbly submits toi tain Indentures, to be thereupon made, between him the House, and is ready to shew, that, by the true Con-? and those who should be present at such Election, and flruction of the said Act of King William, resolved to them, at the Day and Place aforesaid, he should cause have been so violated, and by the Law and Usage of

to come in such Manner, that the said Burgesses for the said Boroughs respectively might have from them, full and sufficient Power to do and consent to those Things, which then and there, by the Common Council of the Kingdom, should happen to be ordained upon the aforesaid Affairs, so that for Want of such Power, or through an improvident Election of the said Burgesses, Thellujfon did endeavour to obtain the Seat he now oc-the aforesaid Affairs might in no W'ays remain un- cupies in the House, by a Breach of the Resolution of finished; and that the said Parliament, so ordered to be the House against Bribery, made a Standing Order in holden in the City of Westminster,was by several Writs the Year 1678, and by a Violation of an Act passed in

prorogued to and until the 27th Day of September last the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the

Parliament, the said George Woodford Thellujjbn could not, legally and constitutionally, take Ad vantage of a Vacancy in the Representation, occasioned by Offences of the Nature of those declared to have been committed, such Offences having been declared to have been committed by bimfelfand that the said George Woodford

gast, and was there then holden} and that the said heriff of Surrey did, in Obedience to the aforesaid Writ, direct his Precept to the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, in the said County, who, in Obedience to the fame, did proceed to the Election of Two

Third, Chapter Fourth, and is therefore to be deemed and taken no Member, and ought not, according to the Provisions of the said Act, to have any Vote or Place in the Parliament; and that, at the said last Election for the Borough of Southwark, a large Body of Men, con-

Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: lifting chiefly of Persons known by the Description cf That, at the said Election, Henry Thornton and George Prize Fighters, did obstruct the Poll, and did, by their Woodford Thellujfon, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were outrageous Conduct, intimidate quiet and well-disposed Candidates, and that the said Henry Thornton and George Persons from attempting to vote; and that the said Woodford Thellujjbn, were, by a certain Indenture, de- Body of Men were paid by Persons in the Interest of the dared to have been freely and indifferently chosen, ac- said George Woodford Thellujjbn, and did wear the Cock-cording to the Tenor and Effect of the aforesaid Precept j ades of the said George Woodford , and did attack

and that the Petitioner did immediately, upon the af and ill treat such Electors as appeared anxious to vote fembling of the Parliament, so commanded to be holden for the Petitioner, in a Manner dangerous to the Public as aforesaid, present a certain Petition to the House, Peace, and subversive of the Freedom of Election; and questioning and complaining of the Return of him the that William Jones, Esquire, the Marshal of the King's laid George Woodford Thellujfon, and alledging him to Bench Prison, was an active Partizan of the said George have offended against the Standing Order against Bri- Woodford Thellujjbn, and, as such, did bring to the Poll, bery, made by the House of Commons, in the Year in Favour of the said George Woodford Thellujjbn, a great 1678, and also against the Act of Parliament, of the Number of Persons, who were confined for Debt within Seventh of King William the Third, Chapter the Fourth, the said Prison, or the Rules thereof, the Votes of which and confining the Allegations of the said Petition to the said Persons the said William Jones did procure to be put said Offences alone; and that the Matter of the said upon the Poll for the said George Woodford , Petition was referred to a Select Committee of the although such Persons by Law had no Right to vote at House, who, upon hearing of Evidence in Support of the such Election; and that the Returning Officer, at the Allegations aforesaid, determined, that the said George last Election for the Borough of Southwark, did (but Woodford Thellujfon was not duly elected; and that a cer- the Petitioner does not mean to attribute it to any certain Writ, bearing Date the 12th Day of November last rupt or improper Design) admit many Persons not duly VOL.52. x qualified

a 90 Novem

A. 1796 .

140

qualified to vote for the said George Woodford Thellufon, Woodlands, Horten, Hinton Martel, All Saints,

and reject many good Votes tendered for the Petitioner; and in the County of was presented

and that gross and scandalous Bribery was practised at to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands the lad Election for the said Borough of Southwark, of the Petitioners, inthesaid Open and Common Fields, whereby Votes were procured in Favour of the said and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie inter-George Woodford Thellufon, and many Electors, in the mixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their Interest of the Petitioner, induced to withhold their present Situation, incapable of any consideraSle Improve-Votes; and that by these, and other illegal Means, the ment, and, if the same were divided and inclosed, and 'said George Woodford Thellufon did procure a colourable specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the Majority upon the Poll, but that the Majority of legal several Persons interested, according to their respective Votes was in Favour of the Petitioner, who ought to Bights and Interests, it will not only be a great Benefit have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said to the Petitioners, but also be of Public Utility: And . Borough: And therefore praying, That an early Day therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in may be appointed to take the Premises into Considera- a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the laitl

Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under l'u'ch Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Winchelsea

Writ.

tion, and that he may be granted such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved. That the Resolution which.

Upon the 12th Day of this Instant November, was re- w w

ported from the Select Committee, who were appointed pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Afldey and Mr. Sturt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly 5 and is as fol-foweth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, at the last Election for the Borough of,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of CjI!, defer, td. the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon TuefGeorge Woodford Thellufon, Esquire, did aft in Viola- day next.

" tion of the Statute of the Seventh of William III. Cap. Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend,

" 4. whereby he is incapacitated to serve in Parliament be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending " upon such Election." this House.

The House was also moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 6th Day of October last, " That, if The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being re-

" it shall appear, that any Person hath procured him- turned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the self to be elected or returned a Member of this House, said Committee delivered in to the House One of the " or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other cor- said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Couiifel in rupt Practices, this House will proceed with the ut- his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Name's of " most Severity against such Person," might be read. the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck, to And the same being read accordingly; which last mentioned Lift the Names of Smith,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken! into Con- Esquire, and the Honourable John Eliot, being added,

the same was called over; and is as follows:

William Junior, Esquire, Drum-

mond, Esquire, Edward Burrow, Esquire, Sir Rif-

MilKorne Tort 1- i< n < inWct, -Y oiiiud.

sideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoofi.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating shopp, Baronet, John Jeffery, Esquire, William Clive, Esquire, the Honourable Wallop, William

Esquire, John Le/aud, Esquire, George , Esquire,

Francis Lloyd, Esquire, Charles Shaw Esquire,

Sir Williams Wynne, Baronet, William Smith,

Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Coni mittee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Hyde and ‘John Matthews, on Behalf of therrdelves and the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or others, Electors of the Borough of Port, in th

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as County of Son;erf t, were lworn by the Clerk at tb shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Table in the usual Manner.

Saltafli Writ.

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltajin the County of

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appoint- ed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

wall, in the room of Edward Bearcroft, Esquire, deceased. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty,

for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons ac-

Proct.-Hir.ji on l'.-.H lau»

Act.

cufed of certain Olienees committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read. And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts, which had been before delivered

Woodlands, Horton, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sufex, in the room of Richard Barwell, Ef- in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the quire, who, since his Election for the said Town and said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Ma- the Table;

jesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks. The laid Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker,

taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony Ashley, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Earl of Shaftesbury, and the humble Petition of the Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Con-several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons the fame; and report to the House, upon Thursday next, interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts:

And

37 Geo. III. 290 — 30°

And they are referred to My. Mr. Mr.

Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. Sargent, Sir William Young, Mr Joint Pitt, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Andrews, Sir George AugvjlusWilliam Evelyn, Sir James

Hamlyn, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Baitkes, Mr. Mr.

WiIberforce: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Eyemouth A Petition of the Freeholders, Heritors, and Farmers, titfcm°Ur PC" the County of Berwick, and of the Merchants, Ship-malters, and other Inhabitants, of the Town o( Eyemouth, thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Eyemouth is the only Harbour within the County of

wick, from which great Part of the Corn, and other Productions of the County, have been exported; and a considerable Trade is carried on there from the Baltic and Norway, and in the Importation of Coal, Lime, and other Commodities, and it is of singular Advantage to the Coalting Trade, being of ealy Access in all Weathers, particularly in Storms from the North, and North East, and, lying in the Corner of an extensive Bay, Ships, coming in for Shelter, can work out at all Times, and in all Winds, 'when it is safe to go to Sea, so that they can never remain Wind-bound; and that, moved by thele Considerations of its Importance and Utility, the Landholders of this County, and their Tenants, and the Merchants in Eyemouth, and others interested, have, at different Times, expended considerable Sums of Money, which they raised by Subscriptions, for building a Pier and other Bulwarks necessary for the Safety and Security of the Shipping: That a Pier was built in 1752, which coll about £. 1,500, and a Breakwater in 1772, under the Direction of the late Mr. Smeaton, which coll about £. 2,500, and which answered all the good Effects ex-peCled from them; but, as no Fund was provided for keeping them in Repair, and being expoftd to successive Injuries, from Land Floods and Sea Storms, they ar now in many Parts much decayed and weakened, and by an extraordinary Land Flood, in November 1794, a great Part of the Foundation of the old Pier was undermined, and much damaged, and has lince tumbled into the River, by which the Harbour is not only rendered incommodious, but difficult of Access, and unsafe for the Shipping frequenting it; and that the Convention of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, fenlible of the Diiad-yantage and Danger to the Vessels employed in- the Coalting Trade, from the ruinous State of this Harbour, did, at their annual Meeting, in lall, allow to assist in repairing it, and the Landholders of this County, and others, have, in Addition to that £.300, already lubscribed the Sum of800, which, from Elti-mates ready to be produced, and further Subscriptions expected it appears will be sufficient to repair the Pier and Breakwater, and also to make the other necessary Improvements, for enlarging, scouring, and deepening the Harbour, and for rendering it safe and commodious in Time coming; but the Expences, to be laid out in the Execution of thele Works, will also be loll to the Subscribers, and to the Public, unless a Fund be provided for supporting the Pier and Breakwater, and the Other proposed Improvements; and that the Petitioners are advised, the proper Fund for this Purpose will be Certain small Duties on the Trade and Shipping frequenting this Port, which cannot be levied without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave for bringing in a Bill, to authorize the levying of certain small Duties on the Trade and Shipping in the Port of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick, to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, under Inch Regulations as the House in its Wildom shall think jult and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Vol. 52.

Novembris, 141

mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Batllie, Mr. Fordyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for PersonSj Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Novembris j

Anno 370 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art Opie's Di-Adl to difiolve the Marriage of John Opie, Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this 1 Joule hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Heron, reported from the Committee, to whom Kirkcud-the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Owners of Land in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was ported. ' referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for converting into Money " the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright,

" for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges,

" and Ferries, within the said Stewartry," was read, whereby it appeared, that Trullees were appointed, and certain AlTelfments, or Converlion Monies in lieu of Statute Labour, were authorized to be levied, and divers Powers given to the said Trullees, for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Lid Highways, Bridges, and Ferries.

And a Member present informed your Committee;

That several Roads in the Petition particularly defer! bed, and the Bridges upon the said Roads, are generally in bad Repair, unsafe or incommodious, and cannot be made, repaired, and kept in Repair by the A Hell-merits and Converlion Monies aforesaid, or other Funds by Law leviable and applicable, and that it would be of great Benefit to the Public, if the said Roads; and Bridges upon the fame, were properly made and kept in Repair, and Powers granted for levying Tolln, and otherwise accomplishing the said Purposes: That the Assessment or Converlion Monies aforesaid, have been found inadequate to the Purposes of making and keeping in Repair the other Roads and Bridges in the said Stewartry, and that it would be beneficial to the Public, if the said AHcllments, or Converlion Monies in lieu of Statute Labour, and the Stent or AUefiment which is authorized by the Sixteenth A<fl of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, for repairing High-ways and Bridges, so far as the same extends to the said Stewartry, were increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an

O o Act,

-.AIM mil

Aller Inclo fur? iSiil, pftikd.

Grantham Can.il Peri-tioji, reported.

142 300 Novembris, A. 179 6.

Act, nude in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Mis the Money so borrowed on Mortgage, and also of the pieient Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, Interest payable to the several Proprietors by virtue of and Ferries, within the said Stewartry: And that Mr. the said Act: That in order to finish the said Works, Heron and Sir Robert Laurie do prepare, and bring in, and discharge the said Debts and Arrears of Interest, the fame. it is reuuiiire that the said Company should be enabled

to raise a further Sum of Money than by the said Act An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting the Open they are empowered to do, and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allot- And the Witness further said, That, by the said Act, ting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Ara- the said Company are retrained from making any b!e Lands, within the Parish of Alter, in the County greater Distribution ot Profits among themselves, than of Somer/l t, was read the Third Time. , Eight Pounds on the Money raised, and arc

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title required to lower the said Tolls and Duties, when they, be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and in any One Year, after paying all the Expences of cxe-Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, cuting the said Act, and making such Dividend of and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Eight per Cent, shall exceed certain Sums in the Act Lands, within the Parish of Alter,in the County of mentioned.

Somerset. And the Witness said, That it is expedient that the

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson, Senior, do carry the said Restriction, and all'o so much of the said Act as Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence. requires the Tolls to be lowered in the same above-

mentioned, should be repealed in order to induce Per- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom fons to advance Money on the Undertaking: And lie the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the added, that the said Act, in other Rdpecls, requires Grantham Canal Navigation, was referred; Tint the Amendment and Alteration.

Committee had examined, and found liiat the said Pe- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tition is not within the Standing Orders of the House enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to Canal Navigation to finish anti complete the lame, and give Power for rftfing any further or additional Rates, the Collateral Cut, to communicate therewith, anti for Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-and that the Committee had examined the Matter of third Year of the Reign of His present Maicrty, for the said Petition, and had directed him to report the making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Cut: And that Mr. and Mr. Asjhcton

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered do prepare, and bring in, the fame, it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read;

and is asfclloweth; viz. Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Bill for naturalizing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of Hispre- Louis Bore/, and Stephen Azemar, was committed; That sent Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Not- mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, tingham Trent Bridge; and alto a Collateral Cut from without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bili in the said intended Canal, at or near Crcpivell Butler, to at the Clerk's Table, the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Notting- Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. ham, was read; whereby it appeared that the Petitioners are incorporated, and Powers given them to make the Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom laid Canal, and other Works in the said Act men- the Bill for naturalizing Anthony was com-

tioned; and they arealfo thereby enabled to raise among mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-themselves the Sum of £. f£,oooo, and if that Sum gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and should prove infufheient, a further Sum of £. 30,000, that the Committee had directed him to report the £.20,000, Part thereof, by Subscription among them- Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he lelves, and the remaining £. 10,000 by Mortgage of the delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act: Then, Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. H i!Ham Ojder being examined, said, That Doubts have ariion whether the Proprietors of Shares in the The House being informed that Mr. from

laid Undertaking, can be compelled to raise among the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, themselves the said further Sum of £.20,000. attended at the Door; he wjis called in; and, at the

And the Witness being further examined, said. That Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Company have proceeded in the Execution of the An Account of the Amount of Money advanced by said Act, ai'.d have nearly completed the Works di- the Bank of England for the Public Service, and out-rested to be done, and have expended almost the Whole Handing on the ill October 1796. of the Money they have raised among themselves, or And then he withdrew, have been able to borrow on Mortgage of the Tolls And the Title of the said Account wras read,

and Duties as aforesaid, and have alto incurred sundry The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Debts, and considerable Arrears of Interest are due on

An

Borel's and

-A'/fnnr's Nat. Kill reported.

Ravdli's Nat, Bnl reported.

Account of Money advanced by tht Bank, pr«-i'ented.

37 Geo. III.

30° Novembris.

143

Bank of Engl'and, 0Holer 26th, 1796,

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Money advanced by the Bank of England,{or the Public Service, and

outRanding on the 1 ft October 1796.

On Land - 1794 - -

Da - - - - 1795 - -

D° - - 1796 - - - -»

Malt ..... 1704 - -

D° - - - - 1795 - -

D# - - - - 1790 - -

Consol'1 Fund - - 1795 -

D° - - - 1796 - - - - 1,323,000

Further Supply 095 - -

Vote of Credit 1796 - -

3,844,20 0

7,905,200

t Exchequer Bills without Interest - - 1 - - - 376>739 — 9

8,281,939 — 9

Treasury Bills of Exchange - - i~ - - -- -- 9OI>957 6 6

£ 9,183,896 7 3

£- s. d.

2.787.000 ——

1.274.000 ——

A. Newland,

Chief Cashien

honrfon

Docks, 8cc. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others residing in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting fhrth, That, by the great Increase of the Trade and C m uerce of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, the prclent Legal Quays and Wharfs on the River Thames, and thoie used by Sufferance as Wharfs and Quays, are found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Shipping, which has been in a

rity of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have caused Surveys, Plans, and Ellimates, to be mad: of the several Works necessary to be done, for providing Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and other Accommodations as aforesaid, and have raised a Subscription for carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Purposes, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and ReRriftions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet To-

Siate of increase during the iaft Hundred Years, and to the Purposes of landing and shipping Goods and morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker' Merchandizes, and, from the crouded State of the said Chnmlw and Utw Pnwpr to Ihnfl for Prrfnns. Paners River, the Navigation is much impeded, and many Inconveniencies, Delays, and Accidents as well as jLofles and Damages, are occasioned to the Trade a'ncl Commerce of the Port of London; and that, by Realbn of the increased Navigation of the said River, great Damages and Delays are fuRained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in Ships and Vessels relbrting to the Port of London', and that the said several Grievances might be removed if good and suficient Wet Docks or Basons, and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works were made, in convenient Situations near the said River, for the Reception and Discharge of Vessels, which would give Protection and Dhpatch to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue; and that, for carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Premisses, which cannot be done without the Aid and Autho- .

VOL. 52 *

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Report of Copy of the Report made by the Commissioners of the CuRoms, to the Lords Commissioners of His Ma- Port of Lon-jesty's Treasury, on the Subject of the several Plans d°n, ordered, referred to them, " for providing suficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the " Port of London."

Sir John V/od to Order, in Re

re presented to the House, according North Wal-r fhara Road

rder, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping jpair, the Road from Magdalen Gate, in the City fented. of Norwich, to the Kings Arms inn, in North IVdlsham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received and read the FirR Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered,

Leave of Ab-

Accounts or dered; Money issued to Mr. Campbell, for main-taima? Convicts.

JV... to Mr. Bradley, for D\

Sums wanting for Relief to American a id Kaft Florida Sufferers.

Add ref:' foe Account of Money issued purii»:«nt to Addreiles.

Order forcon-iitlering Brid-nort l.lccliou rctition, <lii-tl urged.

300 Novembris. A. 1796.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Charles

thick have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridgeman have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Legh have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Cochrane Johnflone have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to

Duncan-Campbell-, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convids on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convids in and Portsmouth

Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums thAt will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. ior. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments, which became due on the 10th Day of Oft 1796, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have fullered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflenfions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensatioft to such Persons as have fuflered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, See. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797 together with the Sum of £.6. 5 s.per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of 1797,

after the same Rate of £.3. ior. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.(s. 55. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are to be particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ills Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Burges, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of October last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in

the County of Dorset, and also, the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon the

9th Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed that, since the presenting of the said Petition, the said Thomas Burges, Esquire, is dead.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Mary lc Bone thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themfcl ves, and others, B|,r>'!ng . Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the Pemiui! County of Midd/efex, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is of very great Extent, and is very populous, and is still increasing in Population, and that, on Account of such Increase of Population, the present Cemeteries, or Grounds allotted for the Burial of the Dead of the said Parish; are found not to be sufficiently large; and that it w'ould be of great Convenience to the said Parish, If the Petitioners were enabled to ered a Chapel, and other Buildings for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, near to the Cemeteries, and were empowered to allow them sufficient Salaries for the Discharge of their several Duties; and the Petitioners ire therefore desirous of purchasing a Piece or Plot of Ground, to be appropriated as a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and for eroding a Chapel, and other Buildings, for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-hiine the Matter thereof; and report the laine, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Metcalfe, the Marquis of Titchfield,: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the IToufe Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j 4 'san to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, Account of given for the Service of the Year 1796, has been dif- Dispofiocntf posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 26th Day of October 1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the estimated Surplus thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they1 had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was di reded by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday "Motn- Supply citing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcrm)-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jo vis.

1U

Geo. III.

Decembris.

urvj.-

ite\

jfovis, i die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III" Regis, 1796.

45

the fail] Par, Jli of Bodmin: And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. 'Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the lame.-

Pr AYERS.

Choumert

fvrorn.

Higham Fer rer Writ.

Mr. Heron presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads, in the Stcvvartry of and for amending at/ACt, made in the Twentieth Year of /"> Eorge Choumert took the Oaths appointed, in order the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing tire

to his Naturalization. - Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stew-

art ry: And the same was received; and read the First

KM: cud -bright jUvris Bill) pitRTlt-t<i *

'Vink's Nat. Bill, present-Cd.

BaTelli's Nat Bill, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of James Adair, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing IVynand Adriaen de Gruyter Pink: And the same was received; and read the First Time *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli, was read the Third Time.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Arts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Roads from Bafrtfokc, through Popham Lane, Sutton, Scot Key, and Stock bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Cornery in the County of Wilts, was prefenied to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said A efts, have made great Progreis in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the 'Foils, which.

B tllnrstoke Roads Petition.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but be. An A eft for naturalizing Anthony Ravelin the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept

Saint Breock and Bodmin CanalPefition, reported.

in Repair, nor the said Monies repaid, unless the Term of the said Arts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and some Alteration made in the Tolls thereby Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had

given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

been complied with; and that the Committee'had mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Portery Mr Sloaney &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

naturalizing

Abram Henry Stephen Azemar,

Bord's andi Azcmar's Nat. Bill, \ passed *

examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Wallis being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken by able and experienced Civil Engineers, it appears practicable to make a Canal, for the Navi--gation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near to a Place called Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the County of Cornwall, through the several Parishes of Saint Breock, Bodmin, and Eg/ojhay/e,in the

iaid County, to a certain Part of The Camel or Alan

River, at or near Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County; and also a certain Navigable Collateral Cut, or Branch, from the said Canal, at or near to Grogla Moor, in the said Parish of Saint' Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Ftution.

An ir.grofled Bill for Bore/, Henry Bor el, Louis Borely and was read the Third Time *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Bore/, Henry Bore/, Isolds Bore!, and Stephen Azemar.

Ordered, That Mr. S/au/ey do cany the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Wingrnve Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Shin!jV/cloture

Breock, to, or near to, a certain Bridge, called Rut hern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin, through the Parish of Bodmin aforesaid.

And the Witness further said, That such Canal and Collateral Cut will afford the Means of carrying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Tin, Lead, Limestone, Lime, Coal, Stones, Clay, Sand, Dung, Manure, Timber, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, and other Articles, to and from the said Places, whereby the Trade and Commerce of the Towns, situ.ited near to the Line of the said Canal, will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a Country, now unfertile by the Want of Manure, greatly increased, and will also be of great Be-

nefit and Utility to the Public at large.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the County of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Rutheru Bridge, in

Vol. 52 Pp pursuant

Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of IVingrave with Rowsham, in the County of Buckingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prclentecIYo the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lie 'intermixed and difperled, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and speciric Siiares thereof allotted to the fir-Veral Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of Public Urility: And there -: Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inciofing the laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Uoife shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

146

I — 2°

Decembris.

A. 1796-

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition! And that Mr. Praed and Sir William do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Report East Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

iniia judica- Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lifts, which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House the Name of every Member, whose Name appeared in Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who shall appear to hold, or to have, held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be - struck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pickard Penn, Esquire, Charles Drake Garrard, Esquire, Robert Sewell, Esquire, William Mellijli, Esquire, Nicholas Vanftttart, Esquire, Sir Carr Glynn,

Richard Ellijon, Esquire, John Fane, Esquire, William Meeke, Esquire, William Esquire, Walter Wil-

kins, Esquire, James Brodie, Esquire, Lord Viscount Morpeth, Sir William Lowther, Baronet, William Esquire, the Honourable Spencer Percival, Edward Wtlbraham Bootle, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, the Honourable Thomas Grenville, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Baronet, Thomas Esquire, Sir William

Pulteney, Baronet, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, Charles Bragge, Esquire, Charles Torke, Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Thomas Wallace, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, James Adams, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, Charles Duttdas, Esquire, Sir William Toting,. Baronet, John Hiley Addington, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Charles Esquire, William

Drummond, Esquire.

Diddington A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tition.UrC Pe" thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Parish of otherwise Dodington, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Arable Fields, Open Common Fields, Ings, Common . Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Commons, Open Marsh Grounds, Open Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, containing, by Estimation, One thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report Way Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ana Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider further of Ways and Means fot railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Overplus of That, towards making good the Supply granted to Gl-uiu *

His Majesty, there be ill'ued and applied the Sum of Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds of the Money now remaining in the Exchequer, being the disposeable Overplus of the Grants for the Year 1796 *

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to re- Bill requiring quire the Military Service of Persons therein dcicribed, to be embodied, in case of Neceinty, for the Defence Ctri:nn per-of these Kingdoms, be read a Second Time To-mor- ion., dcteuwl. row Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 2° dieDecemhris;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

eyO//« Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock took stfir.brrz.toJ J the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The House being informed that Alexander House ac-

had been taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Yexandcr113 Arms attending this House, pursuant to the Order of Morrice js j„ the House of the 4th Day of Nove ft; the Cuitodyof

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be brought the to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Pole Careio reported from the Committee, to South Nor-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and reported. Parish of South Normauton,in the county of,

was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, and who have Right of Common, within the Parish of South Normauton, in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been, complied with; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 12 Acres 2 Roods and 34 Perches of Land, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Property, intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 1,659 Acres 3 Roods and 17 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

v -

n____

Overplus if Cindiu

SainfBreock and Bodmin Canal Bill, presented *

ti:c MXL7 fcrvicfuj Cf.lda Ptr-roa ,a«ai

Litchfield Canons Residen tiary,&c. Bill, committed.

37 Geo. III.

2° Decembri

147

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Lemoti pfelented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Breach, in the County of Cornwall, to Dumneef Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Rutkern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of he? late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church " of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanry and " Prebends of the said Cathedral," to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Littleton, the Earl Gower Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Houserefoh-c House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday to

Ordered, That Sir Wharton Amco have Leave to LmeofAb-go into the Country for Six Weeks, for the Recovery . nce of his Health.

The House being informed that Mr. De-

puty Mailer and Warden in His Majesty's Mint Office in the Tower of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Gold and Silver Monies coined at His Majesty's Mint in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796 j diltingui thing the Amount coined in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Account of Gold and Silver coined since 1793, presented *

An ACCOUNT of Gold and Silver Monies coined at His Majesty's Mint in the Years 1793, 1794 1795, and 1796; distinguishing the Atnount coined in each Year.

uir.vi

urn.

)Ulc 2-iC'i

C:rcyi

:!iN>

; ton'll iii-i

YEAR.

793 ....

794 ....

795 ....

1796, to 30th November - ---- *

Total - ~

Mint Office,

30th November 1796.

Amount coined in each Year:

In Gold Monies.

In Silver Monies.

£. s. d.

2,747,43° -

2,558,894 12 6

493,416 ——

391,789 2 6

6,191,529 15 —

£. s. d.

95 5

295 5 —

fames Morrison,

Dcp1 Mali' and W\

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by1 the Members of the House.

Bill to regulate the Triah of Causes,&c. ordered *

Accounts ordered t Ordnance Debt.

Old Duty on Foreign Spi-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordnance Debt incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, on the 30th of November 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the old Duty on Foreign Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending the 10th of October 1794, distinguishing each Year; also, the Amount of the old Duty on Foreign Spirits, paid Vol. 52.

into the Exchequer, for the Year ending 10th Oflobe?

1796-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an j£lefon Account of the Duty on Beer, paid into the Exche- c quer, for Three Years, ending the 10th October 1794, distinguishing each Year; also, the Amount of the Duty on Beer, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year ending the xoth October 1796.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Bill requiring cond Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to require the Military' Service of Persons therein de- certain Per-feribed, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the [onsi?Vtof Defence of these Kingdoms, be now read. or °n

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Property, .

icfty to >e tonti-dtred.

{j

148

2° Decembr

A\ 1796.

Committee of Supply,

Eft i mates, See, referred: Subsistence paid to Innkeepers.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to

the P.iymV.ter General, <Nc.

Half Pay.

float hi ng,-:c. for Augmentations to Jt" orets.

Scotch Roads iu:d Bridges,

jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and " Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-five, respeefting the Admission " of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into " the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and " for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in con-. " sequence of such Orders," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. t

The House was also moved. That another Act; made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make further " Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into " this Kingdom to take the Benefit of his Majesty's " Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twentyfirst Days of January One thousand Seven hundred <c and Ninety-five, and to provide for the Disposal " of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought " into, the Ports of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to

" indemnify ail Persons who have acted in confe-

" quence of Orders in Council, issued since thcTwenty-

" second Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain J 7.

" Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to " authorize the ilT'uing of Orders in Council, for the " like Purpose, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

.Re solved.That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps and of Draughted Regiments, from 25th 1796 to

24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 Days,

be referred to the said Committee.;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Horse Furniture, and of Cloathing and Accoutrements, for several Augmentations of llis Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Efthnate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges

Ordinary of

trpper Canada.

New Bruns-witk.

Sr. John's Iliand.

in North Britain, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance, for the Year 797 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra \\ orbs, over and above what are proposed to be done up"ii the llead» of Wear and Tear and O: dinary, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the 1 ft of the 31st December 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate. of the Charge of dc- Nova Scot fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ch nrge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nczv Bru;:fivick> in America, from the 24th Jane 1797 to the 24th June 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Iliand of Saint John, in America, from the 1 It of January to the 31 it of December 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- Cape Bretc fraying the Civil EilabHshment of the IftanJ of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June 1797 to the 24th June 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of'defraying the Civil Establishment of the Iliand of Nczv-foundiand, from the ift of April 1797 to the id of April 179S, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Elands,

40 ...

in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Bermudas, or " Somers Islands,from the 24th of 1707 to the

" 24th June 1798," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Iliand of " minica, from the ift of January to the 31st " cember 1797," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of tie-fraying the Civil Establillinient of New South from the 10th of October 179b to the 10th of October 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this IToufe will, upon Monday

Morning

Newfound-

land.

BiiJnmat

liquid.

W17

V-

h

Bermuda.

Domini *

New Soul Walts.

37 Geo. III.

Decembris.

149

Morning next, resolve itself inro a Committee of the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open

Account of Extraordi-naries of the Army, ordered.

Answer to Address.

to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1795, as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesdaytail (that His Majesty would be gracioutly pleal'ed to give Directions, that the Account, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Accounts of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, presented.

Way and Means, deferred.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that became, or will become, due, between the ill January and 31st December 1796: And also.

An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, outstanding, and that became, or will become, due, between the ift and 31 ft

December 1796.

And then he withdrew;

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Paj)ers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read j

and Common Fields, Meadows, Failure, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Swayfieldaforesaid, and the said Parcel of Open Land, called The Inter comm on,within, or belonging to, the Parishes of Swayfield and Corby aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Simon Torke and Sir Gilbert do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg Steinberg and Charles Blaurock, was read a Second Time. rock Nut.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Bill, commit-

Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

ted.

A Bill for naturalizing George was read a choumcrt's

Second Time. Nat. Bill,

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John committe Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Norfolk Order, a Bill for holding the Lent Affixes for the A,'i7-es Blll>

County of Norfolk at the Castle of Norwich: the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And

presented.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, petitions from and other Inhabitants of the Borough and 7'own of

Tketford, in the County of , was presented to The'tford °2nd the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- Inhabitants of tioners, finding, by the Votes of the House, that a Pe- p of Ncr-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- tition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for folk, against

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

SwnyficM Tn-closure Petition.

Lunacy 50 die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III. " Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Petition of the Warden Confrater and Twelve

____Poor of the Hospital of Brown, in

Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, of the Foundation of King James the First, Lords of the Manor of Swayfield, in the said County of Lincoln, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

A1

Owners and Proprietors of Estates in Swayfield afore-

laid, and of a Parcel of Open Land, called The Inter-

common, within, or belonging to, the Parishes of Sway- vision having been made, in the Charters of the said field aforesaid, and Corby, in the said County of Lin- City, for the Remedy of such pretended Grievance,

the Removal of the Lent Assizes from Tketford to the 1)0 Blli-City of Norwich, beg Leave to state to the House, that the said Lent Assizes have been holden in the Town of Tketford from, at least, the Nineteenth Year of King Henry III. A.D. 1 234; and that no reafoAable Complaint is or can be alledged against the Courts of Justice, the Gaol, or Accommodation of Persons refortino- to the

, . o

said Assizes, the said Courts, and Gaol, having within some few late Years been re-built and enlarged, under the Direction and Recommendation respectively, of a late learned Judge, and the Grand Jury of the County, at the great Expence and Charges of the Corporation and Town of I'hctford; and that the principal Plea of Utility and Convenience to the County urged in Favour of the Removal of the said Lent Assizes so prayed for by the Petition above-mentioned is extremelyfallacious — as the whole Western Side, with much of the South and Northern-Western Parts of the said County, would sustain material Inconvenience thereby, Norwich being by no Means a centrical Situation with respect to the County at large; and that the other Pleas, which refer to the Delay in bringing to Justice Prisoners committed to the Gaol of the City of Norwich, and to the Hazard incurred by the Removal of Prisoners, arc little entitled to the Confederation of the House, Pro-

coIny was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Sway-field, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pasture, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds; and that there is a certain Parcel of Land, called The Intercommon within, or belonging to, the Parishes of Swayfield and Corby aforesaid, which might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the several Persons interested, accord- of the House, that it should in Justice be remedied by ing to their respective Rights therein: And therefore some general Regulation throughout the whole King-Vql 52. Q q dom.

by the Power granted in the same of trying all such Prisoners — and no Instance whatever having occurred of Hindrance or Hazard in the Removal of Prisoners to the Gaol of Thetford — such Removal being by no Means singular or extraordinary, but equally taking Place in various ether Counties of this Kingdom; and the Petitioners therefore contend, if the same shall be considered as a Grievance entitled to the Consideration

- -

5°

c° Decembris. A. 17Q6.

\s is

dom, according to the Wisdom of the Legiflamrc, and not one lingle Instance be thus lelefted for Alteration, to the great Detriment of a particular Town and its Vicinity; for that the Petitioners would be highly aggrieved by the proposed Innovation, in the Rents ot Houses, the general Value of Property, and various other local Circumstances: And therefore, confiding in the Wisdom and Justice of the House, that a Prescription of nearly Six Centuries shall not be thus let allJe by a Meulure of little Advantage to the County in general, and or very furious Detriment and Diicredit to the Petitioners, pray that they may be heard against the fame, by their Counlcl, at the liar of the House.

A Petition of divers Gentry, Clergy, and other "Freeholders, Inhabitants of the South-Western, \\ eft-ern, and North-Weltern, Parts of the County of Norfolk y was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in Consequence of a Meeting convened at Norwich by the High Sheriff of this County, in fn/y la:, a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Removal of the Lent Assizes from the Town 'Vf The ford, where the same has been holden Time immemorial, to the City of Norwich-, and that Norwich, being tar from a centrical Situation in this County, the Removal of the said Lcut Assizes is therefore by no Means of such general Utility as to warrant such an Application to the House; and that, if the said immemorial Uliige of holding the said Lent- AfTi7.es, in the said Town of The ford, be abolished by Act of Parliament, and both the Lent and Summer Assizes be hereafter holden at Norwich the said Alteration will, on Account of their great Difiance from the said City of Norwich, be particularly inconvenient and prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all other Inhabitants of the aforesaid South-West-ern, Western, and North-Weltern Parts of this exten-five County: And therefore praying, in Behalf of them-ielves and others, That lbeli a Bill, lb prayed for by the said Petition, may not pai's'into a Law; and that they may be heard, by Counlcl, against the fame, at the Bar of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Cable of Norwich be read a Second Time; and the Pcti: ioners are to be then heard, by their Counlcl, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counlcl be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IVcduefday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant December.

South Nor- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the le-vera Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor puled. ' and Pari Hi of South Normmiton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of South Norman! on, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

i!ii;h-ham In- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open tioJure Bill, or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of committee. iUfTh-ham, in the County of Somerset, and allb a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish of Ilfh-ham, and partly within the Parish of Hiiish Epifeopi, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langion, Mr. Dickie [on, Senior, &:c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, im- iCjfu proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road trom Rgc/i- i Wpoiud. dale, through Ram ford and Bitlc, to Bury, and for making and maintaining Three kveral Branches ol Road therefrom, ail in the County Palatine ci Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question le-vcraily put thereupon, were agreed toby the 1 Ionic.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom c-fticton, the Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, im- and

proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near lick r n! J, the Guide Post at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of CajVeto-i, within the Parish of Roe h dade, in the County Palatine ot Lane after, to the Xorth-Laiierly End of a certain Street or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Gierke Street, and for making a new Read, from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Ca/l/eton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike ltoad, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchejtcry in the said County, as allb with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Piils, in the said Township of Cafi/eton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Fiintshire thereunto lublbribed, Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election holders, for the said County; Complaining of the last Election and Return of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, figmlying, That the Indenture, whereby Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, is returned a Knight of the Shire for the said County, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the 19th Day of November 1796, was read.

Arid the Order of the House, made the 6th Day ot October last, requiring all Persons, that will question any Returns, to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was allb read.

But the House not having proceeded upon Business since Friday last;

And the House beinp; informed that the said Pcti-tioners would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon Bulinels on last;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now admitted to be received, the same not being prclented in due Time, because the House have not proceeded upon Business since Friday last until this Dav.

4 Then

37 Geo. III.

Decembris.

5 *

Flintfhlre Election — Petition of Mr. Lloyd.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; Setting forth, 7'hat, at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, in the room of Sir Roger Mcfiyn, Baronet, deceased, the Honourable Lloyd Kenyon, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, and John Lloyd, Esquire, were proposed as Candidates; and that, it being very notorious that the said Sir Thomas Mojlyn was considerably under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the same being repeatedly dated to Sir £</-zvard Price Lloyd, Baronet, Sheriff of the said County (who is Brother in Law to the said Sir Thomas Mojlyn) and to all the Freeholders then and there present, and it being pointed out to the said Sheriff that lie could not legally receive the said Sir Thomas Mojlyn as a Candidate, or return him to Parliament, he declared that he should return him,'and accordingly hath returned the said Sir Thomas Mostyn as Knight of the Shire for the said County, to the Prejudice, and in Violation of the Rights, of the Petitioners, and the other Freeholders: And therefore praying, That the Election of the said Sir Thomas Mostyn may be declared void, and that the Conduct of the said Sir Edward Price Lloyd may receive such Ceniurc as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Thursday, the 9th Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 2d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or 'Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Mat ter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Lloyd, of Tyddsn, in the County of Flint, Esquire, Complaining of the last Elec-

of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on tions were ordered to be ration.

which the said Pcti-taken into Confide-

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, imported and brought to Account at the Ware-houses in New Street, Bishopgate Street, for Coat!, Surat, and private Trade Goods, and the private Trade \Y are-houses in Lime Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1795 to Michaelmas 1796, what delivered for Exportation during that Period, and what remained at Michaelmas 1796; as per Accounts: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, D°-

Aeconnts pre lentej.

Prohibited K.-.i India Goods,

D°.

D-.

D°.

tion and Return of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, being also offered to be presented to the House;

And the House being informed that the said Petitioner would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon IJuliness on Saturday last;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now admitted to be received, the same not being presented in due Time, because the House have not proceeded upon Business lince Friday last until this Day.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Flinty held on the 8th Day of November 1 796, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, and the Petitioner, together with the Honourable Lloyd Kenyon, were the only Candidates, and that a Majority of Votes were given for Sir Thomas Mcflyn; that the Petitioner had the greateli Number of Votes next to Sir Thomas Mojlyn, and the Honourable Lloyd Kenyon had the smallest Number of Votes upon the Poll; and the Petitioner has been advised and informed, and is ready to prove, that he is entitled to repreicnr the said County in Parliament, as having the greatest Number of Votes of those Candidates who are legally qualified to fit in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Conficleration, and to permit him to be heard, by his Counsel, thereon, and to grant to him such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acfts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Eieftions, or Returns VOL. 52.

imported into the Bengal Warehouse, New Street, Bi-shopgate Street, in the Port of London, from M-e/nulmas 1795 to Michaelmas 1796, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1796: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1795, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1796: And also,

N° 4. An Account of'East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective V> are-housesinthc Out Ports at Michaelmas 1793, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1796: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which remained out of the Bengal and Coast Ware-houses, in New Street, Bishopgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1795, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refrellied, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1796:

And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London,fvom Michaelmas 1 795 to Michaelmas 1796: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from D3.

Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1793 to Michaelmas 1796:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale Ships, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Da-vis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out, Ports where they were discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship, in the Year 1796.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do fie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved among ft the other Papers of this Session.

Naval Stores from Ruflla.

Accounts pre-lciited.

The House being informed that Mr. Fijler, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing CYnvicbs on die River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which lia\e been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining i)\

and

Mo'irv :fTued to \! \ Campbell, for iii . n-tniaing CXuj-vicis.

Sums wanting for Relict to American and Kail Florida Surf'erers.

t$2 50 Decembris, A. 179&

and guarding Convicts in 'Langftone and Har-

bours, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Sums that-will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. ior. Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments, which became due on the 10th Day of October 1796, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflenfions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government , and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c.

which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797 together with the Sum of £.6. $s. per of the

Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1797, after the same Rate of £.3.

1 or. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

Mr. Fisher also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Money issued issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read-.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Nine thousand One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of December 1796.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Lanystone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of December 1796.-

James Fisher.

To

tit; X

3 &

»> -1 <\ V

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burge fibs, in Parliament assembled.

£ An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. iox. Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, »a after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1796, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of ' His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in , in consequence of their

Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government > and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain-, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797, together with the Sum of £.6. 5X. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1797, after the same Rate of £.3. iox. per Centum per , on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5x. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

AMERICAN CLAIMS. Principal to be paid off. Interest. Total. TOTAL.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. iox. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797, together with 6. 5 x. per Centum of the Principal Sums contained in each Order - ----- ----- -- Ditto, which will become due on the loth Day of October 1797 - - - - £. x. d. 22.943 15 — 22.943 15 — j£ 1,606 1 3 1,204 10 ni £. d. 24,549 16 3 24,148' 5 Hi) £. s. d. 48,698 X x\

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS. *

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. iox. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797, together writh £.6. $s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order - - Ditto, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1797 - 1.406 5 — 1.406 5 — 98 8 9 73 16 6 »5°4 13 9 1,480 1 6i) 2,984 15 3i

1 £ 51,682 17 6 Lf

o

Memorandum:

Money has already been granted by Parliament to satisfy the Whole of the Principal and Interest upon the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act passed in the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Exchequer, the 5th December 1796.

James Fiji ter.

1

Alexander Morrice brought to the Bar.

F efolution respecting him.

154 5 0 Decembr1796.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which hive been iflfued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied to the Payment of Pensions, to such Persons as

have been Sufferers during the late unhappy DifTenfions in America - -

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by SenhouJ'e Wilson Esquire, for Materials for rebuilding the Pier and Lighthouse at the Entrance of Doughs , in the Ijle of Man

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons ----- - .

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -

To John Harfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To Samuel Dunn, Esquire, for defraying the Expences of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To George Whitt am, Esquire, for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same ——

£ d.

16,500 ——

4,006 14 3

1,141 1 6

4,265 5 9

i, Soo — —

300 ——

250 ——

28,263 1 6

Exchequer, the 5th Day of December 1796.

James

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the.Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for bringing Alexander Morrice to the Bar of this House;

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be now brought to the Bar.

And he was brought to the Bar accordingly.

And the said Alexander Morrice Handing at the Bar, and the Serjeant by him, with the Mace, was informed by Mr. Speaker with the Matter of the Report, which was made, on the 4th Day of November last, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southztark, viz. That he, having been duly summoned, by virtue of the Speaker's Warrant, to attend to give Evidence before the said Committee, had disobeyed such Summons, and had not appeared in pursuance thereof.

And the said Alexander Morrice was heard.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

Resolved, That Alexander , having been duly

summoned, by virtue of a Warrant from Mr. Speaker, to attend as a Witness to give Evidence before the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, and having.dil'obeyed the said Summons, has been guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be again brought to the Bar, to be examined touching the Cause of his absenting himself from attending on the said Seicdt Committee.

p The laid Alexander Morrice was accordingly brought to the Bar.

And a Question was proposed to be put to the said Alexander Morrice, which being objected to;

He was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Questiwn being proposed, That he be again brought in, and alked. Whether, after he had received the Speaker's Vv..- ant, he converted with any Person on the Subject of Ins attending the said Committee;

The laid Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be again brought to the Bar of this House upon Morn-

ing next.

Ordered, That Captai n Bartlett do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Speck do attend this House at the same Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues fir His Majesty's Service Abroad, between t1 c 5th April 1796 and tire 10th October 10:-lowing: And also.

An Account of Monies issued to John IVII mot. Esquire, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of the l'u fieri ng Refugee Clergy and Laity, See.

And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Lf-quire, at the Receipt of thfc Exchequer, out ot llis Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Lx pence of Allowances for the Relief ot American C:\ il Officers, and others, who have fullered on Account ot their Attachment to His Majesty's Government: And also.

Tq be again brought to the Bar.

Persons to attend.

Accounts present-r

Money issued, for His Majesty's Sen'ice Abroad.

On Account of the French Refugees

Allowances to

American

Suiferers *

Index to the

Journals of the Hous'e of Lord>, &c.

37 Geo. III.

An Account of Monies issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Thomas Evance, Esquire, as an Allowance to himself and Thomas Brodie, Gentleman, who were appointed

to continue and perfect the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords; and to James Wyatt, Esquire,

i55

Surveyor, or Comptroller of the Office cf Works, for Fixtures at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as followeth;

50 Decembris.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th of April 1796, and the 10th of October following.

To His Majesty's Secretaries of State, Seventy-one thousand Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

1st December 1796.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, and which have ndt been made good by Parliament.

73,400 —

To John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks , commonly called Lord

Haxvkesbury, Sir William Peppered, Baronet, and Philip , Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity o{France.

— For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the fullering Refugee Clergy of France ——

To D % for the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, of the suffering Refugee Laity of France - -- 53,290 ——

To D", to be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of the Marine, or in

the Magistracy of France - ----- --- 6,000 ——

To D°, to be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of the Land Service

in France - 1,600 ——

To D°, to be paid to the Officers lately employed in the Army commanded

by the Earl Moira ~ ----- --- 3,300 ——

To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to supply some French Emigrant Clergy and Laity arrived in England,from the Islands of Jersey and with the Means of travel-

ling in the different Parts of this Kingdom, in which it was proposed to distribute them

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ill December 1796.

£ h

I37>59° ——

2,500 ----- -- *

140,090 — - —

George

Jm.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton> Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service, which has not been made good by Parliament.

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of the American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - - - 1,500 ——

Times when issued.

22d July 96 19 th August 19th September 11 th November

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ill December 1796.

Vol. 52.

£.1,000 ——

4.500 ——

500 ——

5.500 ——

£ II >5°° -

George Rose.

An

i5«

5" Decemb.

1796.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1796.

September 9th. To Thomas Evance, Esquire, as an Allowance to himself and Thomas

Gentleman, who were appointed to continue and perfect the £. s. d.

Index to the Journals of the House of Lords - 800 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 69 19 —

October 7th. To James Wyatt, Esquire, Surveyor or Comptroller of the Office of Works, for Fixtures at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons - ----- --- 640 10 3

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 41 6 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 30 th November 1796.

George Rose.

£ s. d. 869 19 —

681 16 3

''551 3

Report Supply.

Cloathing, &c. for Augmentations to Forces.

Allowances to Reduced Officers of Britishi American Forces.

Upon Account of Reduced Officers of D°.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

Reduced Horle Guards.

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Manner

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Horse Furniture, and of Cloathing and Accoutrements,' for several Augmentations of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year

1797-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year

1797 *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty,

upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sutffidence That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty P;iul to lnn thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Full Pay to That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-six Su;,t!5'"e‘ thousand Six hundred Seventy-five Pounds Fourteen rary Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of H is Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies and of Draughted Regiments, from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1797, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Officers late That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be 'r.etute. granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several General. Officers late in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-six { Ge-thousand Seven hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Seven- neral.&c. teen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commiliary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-three Navy thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Halt Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1797-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Sixty-eight thousand and One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buiklings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants

1

K

«i

Si.

U

Googh

37 Geo. IIL

5° Decembris

157

Ordnance for 797-

chants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are propoi'ed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Th % t a Sum, not exceeding One Million Nine thousand and Twenty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Two

the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of

179 7- ... ....

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bermuda,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty', for defraying the

Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of or Somers from the 24th Day of June 1797

the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year to the 24th Day of June 1798.

Ordnance, land Service, Act provided for in 1795.

Ordnance, Sea Service, not provided for in 1795.

Ordnance, land Service, not provided for in 1796.

797- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fourteen thousand Five hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica; That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island of nica, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New South That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hun- w®164-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred and Twenty-three Pounds and Ten Shillings, be That a Sum, not exceeding Seyenty-four thousand granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the

Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, fot Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in

1795- ... ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twenty-five thousand Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in

Upper Ca-

Civil Establishment of New South Wale?, from the 10th Day of October 1796 to the 10th Day of 1797.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off between the 31st of December 1795 and the 30th of November 5ered 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off, or which shall become due, between the 30th of November and

Account of

Navy Bills paid off, or-

- 1796-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, the 31 ft of December 1796

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge

of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Ordered, That fucha Number of Copies of the Ac.-Canada, in America, from the ill Day of January to the count of the Amount of Money advanced by the Bank vanced by the

Accounts to be printed: Money ad-

Kova Scotia;

Kew Brunswick.

St. John's liland.

31st Day of December 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hun *

Bred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December

1797 ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, the Province of New BrunJ'wick, in America, from the respectively, from the 2Sth to the 31st October 1796, 24th Day of June 1797 to the 24th Day of June both Days included, be printed, as shall be sufficient 1798. for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun- count of Gold and Silver Monies coined at His Ma-dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying jesty's Mint in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796, the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Wand distinguishing the Amount coined in each Year, be

of England for the Public Service, and outstanding on the ift October 1796, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, outstanding, and that became, or will be- Bills! come, due, between the 1 ft November and 31st December 1.796; be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- d®. count of the Amount of all Bills registered on the

Navy, Victualling, and Transport

Gold and Silver coined since 1793.

Cape Breton,

of Saint John, in America, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hun-

printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the bers of the House.

Mem-

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointed Report from

dred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to consider of the most effectual Means of promul- Committee

/-U ----- -f 1-- r<l-,-i:'L — nt of gating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the coofiderof0

24th lame, with their Observations, to the House; That the promulgating

Committee had considered the Matter to thern re- St4tute$'

Newfound-

land.

the Wand of Cape Breton, in America, from the Day of June 1797 to the 24th Day of June 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ferred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hun- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; dred and Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where

Bahama

Ilbuidt,

Civil Establishment of the Wand of Newfoundland, from the ill Day of April 1797 to the ill Day of

798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such d Number of Copies of the said

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hun- Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying " ' r " ' ' " ‘

the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from Vbt.su

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

S f A Bill

Norwich and North Waltham Road Bill, com-fcutttd.

Committee on Acts ref petting Dutch Property, &Ct deferred.

Supply, de IcitccL

Ways and Means, do f erred.

▼ink sworn.

Swayfield Inclosure Bill, prclantid.

MaJmfhury

Ejection — Petition of Mr. Vafitr.

5 — 6° Decembris. A. 1796.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re pair, the Road from Magdalen in the City of

Nono ck, to the King's Arms Inn in North in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Coke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

9

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act u for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Coun-w cil of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, re €‘ spefting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who " have acted in consequence of such Orders;" and also of another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects " come into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of " His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth " and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and to provide for " the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, " or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom;" and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify all Persons who have " acted in consequence of Orders in Council, issued " since the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to authorize the issuing of Orders " in Counsel for the like Purpose, for a limited Time."

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoi;fe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 6 die Decembris;

Anno 37 Georgii III'n Regis, 1796,

Prayers.

TJfTnand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadote, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of 'Swayfield, and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

A Petition of James John Vajfar, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election for 6

the Bdrough of Malmfibury, together with Philip Met-

calfs, Esquire: That the Borough of Malmfibury is an ancient Borough, and from Time immemorial, or from a very early Period, hath font Members to Parliament; and that the Men and Free Burgefl'es of the said Borough have, from Time immemorial, or by divers ancient Charters, been incorporated by the Name of The Alderman and Burgesses of the Borough of Malmfibury; and that the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in all the Members of the said Corporate Body, or in the Burgesses of the said Borough, and not in the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough only, nor in any select Body of the said Corporation; and that a large Majority of the said Burgefl'es tendered their Votes to the Returning Officer of the said Borough, in Favour of the Petitioner, and that the said Returning Officer admitted on the Poll, for the Sitting Member, several Votes which were illegal, or otherwise objeftionable, and rcjefted many Votes that ought to have been admitted on the Poll for the Petitioner; and that the said Returning Officer acted partially and unjuflifiably, and under the Operation of a corrupt and illegal System of Influence, and Practices, which has, for Years past, notoriously violated, and continues to violate, the Freedom of Election in the said Borough, and hath been destructive of the fair, legal, and constitutional Mode of electing Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Petitioner conceives the Sitting Member was unduly returned for the said Borough, and that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned:

And therefore praying, That the House will order the Return for the said Borough to be amended, and the Name of the Petitioner to be inserted in the Place of the Sitting Member, or to grant to the Petitioner such other Redress as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 7th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necefihry by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are BriiM Road , thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Petition. Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for making and repairing several Roads.

" round the City of Bristol"was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money, together with a large Arrear of Interest,

(tills remains due, and cannot be paid, nor the said Roads be properly and sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some additional Tolls granted, and it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be altered and amended; and that the making of a new Road, from a certain Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Three Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road (being One of the Roads comprized in the said Act) to a certain Lane called Saint George's Lane ,leading into the Litton

Hr

J

37 Gfco. Iff.

6° Decembn;

59

and Toghill Common Road (being another of the Roads by Fire on Board fuel Ships and Vessels; but the Pe-comprized in the said Act) will be attended with great titioners find that the Money, arising from the Rates Convenience and Advantage to all Persons residing in or Duties granted by the said Act, will not be sufficient the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Utility: And to defray the Expence thereof, and also of maintaining the refore praying, That Leave may be given to bring and supporting the said Harbour, and the other Works in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and already made by virtue of the said Act, and that several

enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for making and maintaining the said hew Road, in fuel! Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do eia-

other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act and to enable the Petitioners to raile Money for efTefting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and tuBjeft

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall

shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr; the Lord;

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re‘ cords.

think proper.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them; to the House:

And it is referred to Mr.. Jeffery, Mr Pitt, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Dudley Canai Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, td of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber; and have

Bill, reported, vftiom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; of the Dudley Canal, to raise a further Sum of Money

for completing the said Canal, and for amending the Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, td choumm several Acts relating thereto, was committed; That the whom the Bill for naturalizing George Choumert, was N;!t- Bjl,» Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, committed; That the Committee had examined the '01 e and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several and that the Committee had directed him to report Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And to report to the House; and he read the Report in his he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read;

The House was moved, That the Report, which; upon the 31st Day of October last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was referred, might be again had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Steinberg's whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg j!"(flc®lau' and Charles Blaurock,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found th6 same to be true; and that the Committee

Nat. Bill, reported *

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee to thd laid Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Poole Hnr- A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and bour Petition. Commonalty, of the Town and County of the Town of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Harbour of Poole, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Petitioners are entitled to collect and receive, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, imported into, and exported from and out of the said Harbour, and also, for all Ships and Vessels coming

out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

OrderedThat the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Philipp Frederick Muntz, was presented Muntz's Nat. to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be petitioa-given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturaling Wynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink, Vink's Nat. was read a Second Time. jom'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John mU Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochin presented to the Hoi fe, according to Grantham into the said Harbour, the respective Rates and Duties Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors Carial Bj|h mentioned, and set forth in a Table, or Schedule, in- of the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and com- ente ferted in the said Act, and to borrow and take up at plete the lame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate Interest any Sum, not exceeding £. 2,000, upon the therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament,

Credit of the said Rates and Duties, which Money, pafl'ed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His and also the said Rates and Duties, are to be applied for present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said enlarging and improving the said Harbour, and the Canal and Collateral Cut: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, necessary for the more convenient Use of the fame; and that the Petitioners have accordingly borrowed the said Sum of

£.2,000, which, together with the said Rates and Du- An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, turning, Castleton, tics, have been applied according to the Directions of altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road Kodulaic, ani the said Act, and the Money so borrowed still remains from or near the Guide Post at or near a certain Place Biiijpfited! due; and that it would be of great Security to Ships called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of Caf/eton, with- ' and Vessels lying in the said Harbour, and also to the in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine cf Town of Poole, if proper Booms were provided, and Lancaflerto the North Easterly End of a certain Street made use of, at the Entrance of the said Harbour, and or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of if some Provision was made for preventing Accidents Bury, in the said County, called Clerke Street, and for Vol. 52; making

i6o 6° \

A 1796.

making a new Road, from and out of the said Road, at or n&r a Place called Captain , in the Township of Cajllcton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester,in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pits, in the said Township of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Guide Post at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of Cajlleton, within the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Clerks Street, and for making a new Road, from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Cajlleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pits, in the said Township of Cajlleton.

Ordered, That the Lord Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rochdale, Bamford, and Bury Roads Bill, paised *

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale, through Bamford and Birtle, to Bury, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale, through Bamford and Birtle, to Bury, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, ac- Bill to recording to Order, a Bill, to regulate the Trial of Causes late the Trial and Indictments, which arise within the Limits of ccr-tain Cities and Towns Corporate, within this Kingdom:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of ChelfeaIlospital, for the Year 1797.

Mr. Secretary at War also prclcnted to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1797: And also,

Estimate or the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widpws of Commissioned Officers, for the Year

1797 *

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Eili mates pri *

lented.

Cheife.t Out-Pensioners.

Chd fli In-Peiiiioner:.

Widows Pan He as.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1797-

15,975 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797, deducting for Pensions unclaimed 2,654. 3 4

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each - -

16,406

£. s.

- 1,129 10 —

' 450 ——

- 1 ,coo ——

200 ——

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners -

To Agents Clerks - -

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

To the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners

£. s. d.

ix8°,822 7 11

7,300 — - 424 6 i

126,546 14

2,779 10 —

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions - - 1,200 ——

Deduct already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1707 -

In all to be made good - - £

>579 IO —

128,126 4 %

6,98s 10 —

121,137 14 z

War Office,

6 th December 1796.

estim atct

6.

itk

ov-

F,

to

2C- WU

!cs

er«

m:

o:U-

pr

ar- Efe?

ltt?&

Of C {; ftlkx

le,

.id

:aria

jy Geo. Ilii

(5° Decembris.

i6i

i /

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of C Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital,

for the Year 1797.

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Cloathing for Ditto

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers -

Board Wages and Table for Ditto - -

Surgeon and Apothecary - -

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary - -

Tradesmen

Provisions -

Contingencies and Extraordinaries - -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions, for 1797 In all to be made good -

War Office,

6th December 1796;

W.

£ s- d.

- 1,266 2 4

911 7 S

3,896 9 — >

- 483 18 —

2,970

1,900

3,800

9,300

4,300

28,827 9

- 2,800 - — —

c- 26,027 6 9

x.

1.

1

2

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers; for the

Year 1797.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. Rates of Peniicm 1. Charge.

45 Widows of Colonels - a 1; 5 . a a 27 - - - Lieutenant Colonels - - - -24 p- - Majors -.178 - - - Captains - -184 - - - Lieutenants 163 - - Ensigns, &c. - - - a 2 - - - Physicians ----- --- 2 - - - Purveyors - - - - -2 - - - Staff Surgeons ----- --- i Widow of an Apothecary - i - - £5°-- 40 — 3° - — 26 20 16 — 3° 30 26 2,250 — - — t,o8o 720 4,628 3,680 2,608 — — 60 60 sz ' 26

628 - - - - i i i _ . 4 - a 15,164

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above Hated 4 .- -Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - - - - 758 4 — too - 858 4 —

total - 4 . - - - 16,022 4

From which deducfl the following Sums already provided j . On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons - - - A -. On Ditto for the Marine Corps - - 2,852 8 9 1,567 8 — 4 4 9 16 9

Remains to be provided 4 ! U -« 1 11,602 7 3

War Office, 6th December 1796. tV. Windham.

In the 163 Widows above-mentioned, are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and Regimental Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

Vol. 52. Tt Ordered\

v.

Newcastle and Carlillc Canal Petition.

Accounts presented:

Old Duty on

Foreign

Spirits.

Duty on Beer.

Call deferred.

l6z 6° — 7° Decembris. A. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several. Persons, whose Names alt; thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants of the County of Northumberland and Town and County of Newcastle-upen-Tyne, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a considerable Intercourse in Point of Trade, carried on by Land Carriage, between the Town of Neivcastle-upon-Tjne and the City of Car/iJJe, and other Parti of the County of Cumberland, and also between the said Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and the Welhern Parts of the County of Northumberland-, that the Country, through which the Roads between the said Places lie, is very hilly, and the Passage attended with Difficulty; ttnd that, by proper Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made, from the said Town of Tyne,to a Place called Hay don Bridge, in the said County of Northumberland, there to communicate with a Turnpike Road, leading through the Town of Halt-whijile, in the said County of Northumberland, to the City of Carlisle aforesaid; that, by such Navigable Cut or Canal, a considerable Length of Land Carriage would be saved, and the Conveyance of Lead, Coals, Lime, Limestone, and other Mines, Minerals, and Merchandize, be much facilitated; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, and moreover be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut or Canal, in such Manner, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Bartlett, from the Commissioners of Excise, atteaded at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the old Duties on Foreign Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending the 10th October 1794, distinguishing each Year; also, the

Amount of the old Duty on Foreign Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year ending 10th 1796:

And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Beer, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending 10th October 1794, distinguishing each Year; also the Amount, of the Duty on Beer, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year ending 10th October 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tv/ejday next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then at- *

tend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Discount, added to, and making a Part of, the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered between the ill of October 1795 and the 27th of October 1796; distingu'ishing the Amount of each Month respectively, if the same can be made out, or the Average Rate of Discount of each Month.

Ordered, That Mr. Rujlnvorth have Leave to go into ‘the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders " in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days " of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfive, respecting the Admission of the Eftcds, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this " Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have acted in consequence of such " Orders;" and also of another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships " and Efteds come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this King-a dom;" and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify " all Persons who have acted in consequence of Orders " in Council, issued since the Twenty-lccond Day of " November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfive, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to authorize the " issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for " a limited Time."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, y° die Decembris; Anno 37 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others, residing in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Sotithivark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and , was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Eden, Esquixe, being examined, said. That he

has

Account of Discount on Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, ordered.

Leave of Ab-ience.

Committee on Acts respecting Dutch Property, &c. deferred.

London

Docks, Ac. petition, re ported.

CCO- j

avy.vj

naipar Li, if w

are

act

-t' ':>

;h:

Pancras paving Petition, reported.

37 Geo. III. j° Decembris. 163

has been a Seaman, but is now a Merchant; that he Ithe several Streets arid other Public Passages already is well acquainted with the Port of London,having set out; and which may hereafter be set out upon the

been the Owner of a Number of Ships trading the reto', said Piece of Ground, were properly paved, cleansed,

Being alked, Whether, from the great Increase of the lighted, and watched, and kept free from all Nuisances,

Trade and Commerce of London, Westminster, and South- Annoyances; and Encroachments, it would be of great

wark, and the Parts adjacent, the present Legal Wharfs Benefit and Security to all Persons who do or mayin-and Quays on the River Thames, and those used as habit, any of the Houses built or to be built upon the Legal W harfs and Quays by Sufferance, have not been said Piece of Ground, and to ill Persons who shall pass found inadequate to the Accommodation of Shipping along the said Streets and Public Passages; coming thereto, and to the Purpose of landing and Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for shipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes thereat? paving, cleanfirtgj lighting; watching, and otherwise im-he said, Certainly. — Being a Iked, Whether the Ship- proving, ill such Streets and other Public Passages as ping lying in the Port of London have not increased are; or shall be; made upon a certain Piece of Ground very considerably of‘late Years ? he said, It has confi- belonging to Elizabeth , Spinflef, situate in the

derably increased of late Years. — Being alked, Whether Pari ill of Saint in the Coiinty of:

many Inconveniencies, Delays, and Accidents, as well And that Mr: and Mr; Hobart do prepare *

as Losses and Damages, have not been occasioned to land bring in, the lame; the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, from the crowded State of the River, and from the other A Petition of the Owriers and Proprietors of Lands Harrold in-Circumstances before mentioned ? he said. Yes. — Being and Grounds, lying and being in the Open and Com- Pcti‘ alked, Whether; from the very great Increase of the mon Fields in the Parish of , in the County of

Navigation of the River, many very heavy Damages Bedford, was presented to the House; and read; Setting and Delays have not been frequently sustained by the forth. That the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Owners of, and Persons interested in, Ships hnd Vessels Open Fields, are intermixed and dispersed, and, in their resorting to the Port of London ? he laid, Very often. — present Situation, incapable of any great Improvement,

Being alked, Whether, if good and sufficient Wet but, if divided and, inclosed; and specific Shares thereof Docks or Basons, and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, would other necessary Works, were made in convenient Situ- be of great Advantage to the Proprietors, and an Im-ations, near the River, for receiving and discharging provement of their several PropertiesAnd therefore Vessels, the said Grievances would not be removed, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Protection and Dilpatch given to Shipping, Accommo- for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open dation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue ? he Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds laid, Yes; and it would be of very great Service, if only and Places, in such Manner, and under such Regula-a Part of the Shipping could be removed; tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Then John Tunno, Esquire, being examined, confirm- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-ed the Whole of the above Evidence. luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mi.

Mr. Daniel Alexander being also examined, said, OJborn and Mr; St> John do prepare, and bring in, the That he has surveyed the Grounds and Premifies de- fame, feribed in the Plan annexed to the Petition, and knows

the Works proposed to be executed; and that it is per- Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Muntz's Nat. feftly practicable to execute the lame; Order, a Bill for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz: present *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for And the same was received; and read the First Time; making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of A Petition of Job Hart Price Clarke, of Sutton Hall, Petition from London: And that Mr. Manning, Mr. Sewell, Sir IVII- in the County of Derby, Esquire; and Sarah his Wife,

Ham Toung, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Keene, and Mr. fVhitmore, Lessees, under His Majesty, of the River Dove, in the Trent'and do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Counties of Derby and Stafford, of either of them, was Mersey Canal,

presented to the House, and read, Taking Notice of g'£ryo‘r» c Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the whom the Petition of Elizabeth Doughty, of Bedford Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of County of Middlesex, Spinster, was referred, That the their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the ing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying been complied with; and that the Committee had ex- the said Canals with Water; and Setting forth, That amiried the Matter of the said Petition, and had direct- the Petitioners apprehend, if such Bill should pals into ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to a Law in its present Form, it will be very injurious to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and their Property: And therefore praying, That they may afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where be heard, by themselves,. their Counsel, or Agents, the same was read } and is as followeth; viz.against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Interest.

Benjamin Parnell being examined, said. That the Peti- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tioner is Owner of a certain Piece of Ground, situate Table, until the Report, which was made from the on the West Side of Grays Inn Lane, in the Parish of Committee to whom the said Bill jwas committed, be Saint Pancras, in the said County, containing in the taken into further Consideration ,'and that the Peti-Whole about Seven Acres; and that Henry Doughty, tioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner's Father, did, in his Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if Lifetime, enter into Agreements with. divers Persons, they think fit;

for laying out proper Streets, and building Houses over Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at and upon certain Parts of the said Piece of Ground; the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the and that several Streets have been set out, and Houses said Petition, built thereon accordingly; and that some Leases have been granted, and it is proposed to let the Remainder Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan have Leave to go Ltave of At of the said Ground for the like Purposes:- — Then, into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private feace *

Mr. John Gorham being examined, said. That if Affairs,

Vol. 54. Ordered,

164

Decembris.

A. 1796.

leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Petitions from C'hdter and Nantwich, agrunit Trent and Mersey Cana], Refer *

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the City of , and also of the several Land Owners and Inhabitants upon the Li he of the Chester Cana], and in the Vicinity thereof, whose Names voir, ire. Bill, are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners upon the Line of the Chester Canal, and in the Vicinity thereof, or Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Nantwich,in the County of Chester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Corn-

heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their CoUnfel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Acte inclo-

thorpe. Lord of the Manor of in the County of lure Pauion *

pany of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Norfolk, and the humble Petition of the several other Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, within the Pari lb of in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, sundry Tracts of Arable Land, intermixed Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated

Navigation, called The Caldott Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the real Object of the Trent and Mersey Canal

Company is to lay hold of all the Supplies of for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and,

«r PAimfwf tirifL, tni-o in tfipir nrpf nf Sstntf xnnltl hut httJr fr *

Water in the Country, with the View to prevent the Possibility of any Communication be ing formed with the Chester Canal, which, for Want of a Communication with other Canals, is now useless to the Public, and the Benefits, which would otherwise arise to the agricultural and commercial Interests of the County of

in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premifles, if the said Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled to, and interested

Chester, and particularly to the Port and City of therein, according to their respective Eftutes, Rights,

and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John JVodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare.

into

Le ave of Ab« fence.

Chester and Town of Nantwich, and their Neighbourhood, are thereby entirely withheld; and that the Petitioners are advised the present ‘ Reservoirs belonging to the said Trent and

Mersey Canal Company might be so raised and enlarged, at a small Expence, as to afford an adequate Supply of Water, as well for their present Navigations, as also for the said proposed and bring in, the fame,

Canal to the said Town of Leek,without being injurious to the Interests of the Public, or to the Ordered, That Mr. Curweri have Leave to go

Property of Individuals; and that the said Bill the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs, is pregnant with Danger to the Country at large, and to the County of Chester, the Port and The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from Accounts City of Chester, and Town of Nantwich, in par- the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Prciente ticular: And therefore praying, That they may in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and to their Orders,

that the same may not pass into a Law. An Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off,

th Stafford" A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are or which shall become due, between the 30th pjl °'

shire Potteries thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers and Traders her and 31st December 1796: And also, aptinit D", in the Stafordshire Potteries, was also presented to An Account of the Amount of Navy Bills paid off D . the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the between the 31st December 1795 and the 30th November said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners appre- 1796: And also,

hend the real Object of the Trent and Mersey Canal An Account of the Average Rates of Discount al-Company is to exclude all Competition, and to lay hold lowed on Navy, Victualling, and Tran (port Bills, be-of all the Supplies of Water in the Country, in order tween the ift October 1795 and the 27th October 1796. to prevent the Possibility of any other Canal being And then he withdrew.

brought through the Stajjordshire Potteries, however And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

beneficial or necessary to its increasing Trade, and so Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

to secure the great and alarming Monopoly of that Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Company for ever; and that the Petitioners are ad- The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other vised the present Reservoirs belonging to the said Treaty Papers of this Session.

and Mersey Canal Company might be so enlarged, at

a small Expence, as to afford an adequate Supply of The Lord Arden presented to the House, by His Water, as well for their present Navigation, as also for Majesty's Command,

the said proposed Canal to the said Town of Leek, with- An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on out being injurious to the Interests of the Public, or to the 30th November 1796, as far as the same can be the Property of Individuals; and that the Petitioners ascertained without' the ufu'al Documents from the apprehend the said Bill is pregnant with Danger, not Out Ports, which are only made up at Michaelmas and only to the increasing Manufactories in the Potteries; Christmas in each Year,

Bill.

Discount on Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

Estimate of Navy Debt, on 30th Nov. 1796. pre-icatedi

but also to the Commercial Interests of the Country at large: And therefore praying, That they may be

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. The said Estimate is as followeth;

Navy-

v >

37 Geo. Ill *

7° Decembris

l6S

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, on the 30th November 1796; as 7th Decern' 1796. j far as the same can be ascertained without the usual Documents from the Out Ports, which are only made up at Michaelmas and in each Yean

DEBT FOR THE NAVV DEPARTMENT.

Navy Bills outstanding which have not been brought in to be funded

agreeable to the late Act of Parliament

Freight and Wages to Armed Vessels and Tenders, Bills of Exchange, and other Services - ....

Wages due to the Dock and Rope Yards - -

Half Pay due to Sea Officers -

Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay - -

Wages due on the Books of Ships paid off - -

£ 5‘ A.

388.000 ——

186.000 ——

304.000 ——

106.000 ——

1,064,000 — —

440.000 ——

£ d.

2,488,000 — — -

VICTUALLING DEPARTMENT.

Victualling Bills outstanding, which have not been brought in to be funded ——

Wages due to the Victualling Yards -

Bills of Exchange and other Services ——

317,000 ——

48,000 ——

28,500 ——

393>5°° — —

SICK AND WOUNDED DEPARTMENT.

for Quarters, Cures, &c. for Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad, and also for Sick Prisoners

TRANSPORT DEPARTMENT *

83,000 — —;

Transport Bills which have not been brought in to be funded - *

Freight due to Transports and for Stores on the 30th November 1796 Wages due to the Agents, Officers, and Men employed in Armed Transports - - ....

For Milcdlaneous Services provided for by the Transport Office For Subfdlence, Bedding, Cloathing, &c. for Prisoners of War in Health ——

Abate,

194.000 ——

1,208,000 ——

27.000 ——

17.000 ——

107.000 ——

----- ----- ----- ---- 1,553,000 ——

4>5i7>5°° ——

What remained to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies Balances remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy for the several Offices ----- - 380.000 — 203.000 — 583,000

Debt of the Navy on the 30th November 1796 - - - -But if the funding of the Navy Bills had not taken place, amounting to m «. £ 3,934,500 — — 11,237,022

The Debt of the Navy, on the 30th November 1796, would have been - 15,171,522

A. S. Hamend. C. Hope.

J. Henjlo.

Geo. Marjk.

Geo. Rogers,

S. Gambler.

Vol. £t,

U u

166

V

7

Decembris *

A. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House *

Trent and The Order of the Day being read, for taking into RdinLvTc! further ConiiJeration the Report which was made from Bill, deferred, the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of , to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water, was committed;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 11 th Day of November last, pursuant to tire Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

Order for bringing Alexander Morrice to the Bar, dii-charged.

Accounts ordered; Duty on Auctions.

Old Duty on Bricks.

D° on CofTee and Cocoa Nuts.

Excise Duties on Tea.

Duties on Spirits.

D° on Scotch Difillers Licences.

D° on Stage Coaches.

Aliened

Taxes.

Duty of Postage.

British Plantation Sugar imported.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for bringing Alexander Morrice to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on Auctions, for Four Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up, distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Remittances for the same Duty from Scotland, for the same Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Old Duty on Bricks for Four Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up, distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Remittances for the same Duty from Scotland, for the same Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Old Duties on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for Four Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up, with an Account of the Remittances for the same Duty from Scotland, for the same Time, viz. to the 10th October 1796, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Old Excise Duties on Tea, exclusive of the Surplus paid by the Customs, and of the Drawback on the Exportation, for Four Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Foreign and Brit iff Spirits, imposed in 1791, for Three Years, ended 5th January 1795, distinguishing each Year, and also Foreign from British.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Licence Duty paid by the Distillers in Scotland on the Contents of their Stills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty of One Penny per Mile upon Stage Coaches, for Three Years, distinguishing the Amount for each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Assessed Taxes, for the last Three Years, ending 5th April 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross Amount of the Duty of Postage, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before- this House, an Account of the Quantity of Plantation, Brown,

and MuscovajoSugar, imported into this Kingdom in

the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar ibid at the Sales of the East India Company, and delivered for Home Consumption, in the lait Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Quantity of Sugar sold at the Sales of the East India Company, and delivered for Exportation

in the last Three Years, dist inguiftiing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar, not being British Plantation, Brown, or Mufrova Sugar, or not being imported by the East India Company, on which the Duties for Home Consumption have been paid, in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Yean

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the so-veral Duties of Customs on Brimstone, Iron in Bars, or unwrought. Hen;]), Ordinary Oil of Olives, and European Slaves, imported into this Kingdom in the iaft Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Ifoufe, an Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs paid on Pepper, taken out of any Warehouse to be used or consumed in this Kingdom in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be iaid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pepper exported from this Kingdom in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the ieve-ral Duties of Customs paid on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise, within this Kingdom, in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year, except W ine, Sugar, Coals brought or carried Coastwise, Bricks, Brim-stone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or umvreught, Ordinary Oil of Olives, Pepper, European Staves, and Prize Goods, on being warehoused.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee, having been Warehoused in this Kingdom, and exported from thence in the last Three Years, with the Amount of the Drawback paid thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Bricks imported into Great Britain in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

Sugar sold at Ball India Company's Salts.

D°.

Sugar imported, not British.

Duties orf

Brir.dtcncj &c. imported.

Pepnrr taken! oaf cf Ware-houie.

D° exported.

Duties of Customs on comuiGooth,

firitish Plantation Coffee exported.

Bricks imported.

The House being informed that Mr. Thompson, from Account of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by U£t

Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at presented. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duty of One Penny per Mile upon Stage Coaches, for Three Years, distinguishing the Amount for each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Hunter, from Account of the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he Aifefled was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Tax« pre-pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Aftefted Taxes, for the last Three Years, ending 5th i 796.

And then he withdrew.

And

37 GeOi IlL

7° Decembris.

r

Accounts prelected:

Produce of Dory onAuc tion.

t)# of Old puty oil

f)® on Coffpe and Cocoa touts.

P9 of Excise Duties on Tea:

fr> of Duties bn Spirits:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His. MajestV;

The said Account is preferred amongst the ojher Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mn from the Commissioners of Excile, attended at the Door; he was

tailed in and, at the Bar, presented to the House *

ptirfdant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on

Auctions in England, for Four Years, to as late a Period

as the same can be made up distinguishing each Year j

together with an Account of the Remittances for the

lame Duty from Scotland, for the same Time: And 9

also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Old Duty on Bricks in England, for Four Years, to as late a Period

as the same can be made up distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Remittances for the same Duty from Scotland, for the same Time: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Old Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in England, for Four Years to as late a Period as the same can be made up; together With an Account of the Remittances for the same Duty from Scotland, for the same Time, to the i oth October 1796, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Old Excise Duty on Tea, exclusive of the Surplus paid by the Customs, and of the Drawback on Exportation, for Four Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up, viz. to the 10th October 1796 distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Foreign

on Scotch Distillers Licences.

l6l

and British Spirits imposed in 17915 for Three 1 ears, ended 5th January 1795, distinguishing each Year, and also Foreign from British: And also;

Ah Account of the Produce of the Licence Duty paid by the Distillers in Scotland on the Contents of their Stills.

And then he withdrew;

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to vtaobiqr the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of the Right honourable John Thyme,commonly called Lord John who,' since

his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of SteWard or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chil- , tern Hundreds of Stoke, Defoorovgh, and in

the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

/")r(4~r Distribution of

A ' A r ,; r . Vote of Credit,

An Account of the Distnbutn.n of the Sum of presented. y. 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1796, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

An ACCODN'F of the Distributiort ‘of the Sum of ;£. 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1796, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Dates of Payments, ms December 31st. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Melfrs. Bethmann, for Moiiey fumilh- £. s. d.

1796- ed to Lieutenant Colonel Craufurd ----- -- i50,000

February 3d. To D° drawn by D®, for D° Service ----- - 100,000 — - — >

1795' n December 3 1 ft:. s. d. To D® drawn by Lieutenant Colonel Craufurd - - 38,000

1796. July 30th. November 9th. February 3d. 27th. March 23d. To D® drawn by D® - - - 77,600 To D® drawn by D" ----- - 54,000 To D® drawn by D® ----- - 51,000 To D° drawn by D® - - - 50,000 . 1 To D® drawn by Claude Scott, Esq; Agent for purchas- ing Foreign Corn ----- - 34,429 9 3 To D° drawn by D4 - - - 73,670 5 6 To D drawn by D° ----- - 114,130 To D° drawn by D° - - - - 63,596 6 5 To D® drawn by D -♦--» 7 9 10 290,600 \ J 1

February 3d. March 7th. To D® drawn by sundry PerlonS on Claude Scott, Esqj - 153,083 18 1 To D® drawn by sundry D® on D® - - - - 71,776 — 5 0 Cn O > 0 4 1

July 30th. To D® drawn by sundry D® on ... - 78,700 — — To D® drawn by fund 'D'onD > - 105,149 9 3 408,709 7 9 1,305,669 8 9 To

Vol. 52. Carried forward £ % ‘

.iililiim

J

Accounts pretented:

JSritirti Plantation Sugar imported.

168 70 Decembris. 1796.

Dates of Payments.

x796.

February 3d.

November 9th.

Brought forward -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by James , Public Treasurer of the Id and of St. Vincent, for Public Services - 35,228 16 6

To D°, drawn by D , Public Treasurer of Grenada, for

D° Service - - 57,3° 1 10 3

February 3d. To D", drawn by PVm Alexander, Public Treasurer of the Island of Vincent, for D° Service ----- - 21,228 13 5

November 9th. To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 18,571 5 11

22d.

January 12th.

26th. March 2 2d.

May 4th.

January 26th.

March 18th. April 2d. May 6th.

July 16 th. 29th.

February 16th.

March 5 th. May 27th.

July 29th. November 21ft.

To D", drawn by Jean Henri de Jerhf, Jean Baptijle Schmidt, and Jean Nep de Cronberg, to be remitted for the Service of His Imperial Majesty - -

To D , drawn by Jn° Shnback, to be remitted for the Service of D® - -

To D°, drawn by Martin Horner, to be remitted for the Service of D° - -

To D°, drawn by Wm Muir, to be remitted for the Service of D -To D", drawn by Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. to be remitted for the Service of D ——

To John Brickwood, Esq; towards purchasing Wheat in Canada, and Expences in chartering Ships to bring the same to this

Country ----- -- - 10,000 ——

To D % for D° Service ----- - 22,000 ——

To D°, for D° Service ----- - 9,000 ——

To D°, for D4 Service - - - - 11,000 ——

To D4, for D° Service ----- - 20,000 ——

To MdTrs. Turnbull and Co. for Wheat purchased by them, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury To D°, for D° Service To D°, for D° Service -To D°, for D4 Service To D°, for D° Service To D°, for D4 Service

7'24I

7,610

I3'5 5

2,486

10,000

5,000

8 9 13 2 iS 4 10 2

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Adam Williamson, K. B. Governor of St.

Domingo, for Public Services - - - 68,543 18 8

To D4, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 248,770 16 6

To D , drawn by D4, for D" Service - - - - 68,607 18 6

On Account of Pay, &c. of sundry Volunteer Corps -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, for Six Months

Subsidy, to 8th May 1796 - ... 7,782 13 1

To D#, for Pay and Losses of his Troops - - - 5,011 16 4

£ s. d. r,3°5>669 8 9

92,536 6 9

39,799 19.

- 75>000 ——

12.500 -

12.500 -

150,000 ——

70,878 11 8

72,000 ——

45,924 10 3

385,922 13 8

109,480 ----- .

August 2d.

To the Landgrave of HeJJe Darmjladt, for the Equipment of his Troops taken into the Pay of Great Britain ....

Treasury Chambers,

December 7th, 1796.

George Rose.

2,794 9 5

15,000 ——

2,500,000 ——

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufedbythe Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation, Brown, and Muscovado Sugar, imported into this Kingdom, in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year:

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar sold at the Su rfoldat Sales of the East India Company, and delivered for £llt ,nJ" Home Consumption, in the last Three Years, distin- *

guishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar sold at the D Sales of the East India Company, and delivered for Exportation, in the last Three Years, diitinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar, not being British Plantation, Brown, or Muscovado Sugar, or not e being imported by the East India Company, on which the Duties on Brimltone, &c. imported.

Pepper taken out of Warehouse.

D° Exported.

Duties of Customs on certain Goods.

British Plantation Coffee exported.

37 Geo. III. j° Decem 169

the Duties for Home Consumption have been paid, in the lull Three Years, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs on Brimltone, Iron in Bars or unwrought, Hemp, Ordinary Oil ot Olives, and European Staves, imported into this Kingdom, in the last Three Years, distinguishingeach Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs paid on Pepper, taken out of any Warehouse, to be used or conlumed in this Kingdom, in the laic Three Years, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Pepper exported from this Kingdom in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Cufcoms paid on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within this Kingdom, in the lust Three Years, distinguishing each Year, except Wine, Sugar, Coal brought or carried Coastwise, Bricks, Brimstone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or unwrought, Ordinary Oil of Olives, Pepper, European Staves, and Prize Goods, on being Warehoused: And also,

An Account of the British Plantation Coffee, having

been Warehoused in this Kingdom, and exported from thence, in the last Three Years, with the Amount of the Drawback paid thereon, distinguishing each Year:

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Bricks imported into im" Great Britain, for the last Three Years, distinguishing P 1 ' each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Accounts arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Order, riesof the *

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Patented. Pay matter General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th December 1795 to the 6th December 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1795 to the 6th of December 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Payments.

1796. January 23 d.

January 26 th, March 21ft.

795-December 31st.

1796.

January 5 th.

February 5 th. March 4th.

„ 795' December 31 ft.

1796.

February 3d.

27 th.

December 5 th.

Vol. 52.

To Thomas Everett, Esq; for Victualling the Garrison 17th November 1794 to ift February 1795 To D0, for Provisions supplied to D" Garrison To D', for Peale, Utensils, and Stores, supplied D° Garrison ——

To D°, for Custom House Duties, Insurance, &c. on his lace Contract for Victualling Gibraltar To AlexrDavi/on, Esq; for Provisions purchased and

delivered by him for the Use of the Forces in Upper Canada,between the 6th December 1794 and 25th February 1795 - -

To Eliz'h Pickftone, for Provisions laid up in Store in the

I Hand oijerjey - - - _ -

To D°, for D° Service in Jersey and Guernsey To D°, for DJ Service in Guernsey and Alderney -

of Gibraltar, from

£' 3,075 9 10

7 >3 3 17 4

933 11 7

6379 12 11

1,125 7 2

662 19 8

965 16 6

999 16 2

of

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by B. Esq; Superintendant, &c

the Army serving on the Continent, for Public Services To D°, drawn by H. Motz, Esq; Deputy Superintendant, &c. of D° Army, for D" Service ——

To D", drawn by D5, for D" Service To D', drawn by D', for D° Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service To D", drawn by D°, for D' Service To D", drawn by D", for D'Service *

277,05°

201,893

164,607

85,288

»5>39 4 132

12 8 8

16 11

9

2

To D°, drawn by Val. Jones, Esq; Commifiary General in the Leeward

Islands, for D° Service To Da, drawn by D , for D° Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service To D % drawn by D", for D° Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service

30,000 2,236 6,509 10,297 4,092 80,885 12,500

8

5

12

9

I- '

23,466 11 2

16,066 — —

814,366 10 3

1465a 5

Xx

To

170

7° Decembris.

A. 1796.

DuU ' of i ym.uls.

795 *

December 3 . ft.

»796-

February 3d.

r;th. March 5th. 23d.

December 5 th. February 3d.

February 3d.

To Rills of Fxchanpe, drawn by Jn' Commissary General to the

Forres in the Mediterranean, for Public Services - - 20,136 15 8

To D', drawn by D", for D° Service -

To D , drawn by D°, for D" Service 1 0 It®, diawn by D", for D® Service T0 D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service To D', drawn by D°, for D' Service To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service T 0 D", drawn by D°, for D® Service

15,000 ——

16,289 J3 7

820 ——

26,755 14 11 35,120 — 9

35.005 5 8

29,021 10 6

To D®, drawn by L. Mackintosh, Deputy Commissary General at St. Domingo, for D Service - - 20,000 — —

To D°, drawn by D", for D° Service - 6,600 ——

To D°, drawn by D , for D° Service - - - 5.917 16 —

27th,

I -

To D°, dray-n by A. Davifcn, Esq; Commissary General of the Forces under the Command of the Farl oi Moirfor D" Service -

To D°, drawn by Sam1 Dr every, Commissary General to the Forces under

the Command of General Doyle, for D® Service - 14,276 19 4

To D", drawn by D", for D® Service - 11,296 2 4

8tii. To D°, drawn by D ', for D° Service

February 16 th.

February 16th.

February 16 th.

February 16 th.

February 16th.

February 16 th.

February 16 th.

16,930

To D', drawn by Jn' Small, Lieutenant Governor of Cucrujey, for D" Service - - 2,21316 —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - 4,092 9 3

To D°, draw'n by D°, for D® Service - 200 — —

To D°, drawn by Captain D'Auvergne, Prince of Commander in

Chief at Jersey, for D' Service - 6,925 ——

To D®, drawn by D°, for D" Service - 7,475 ——

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 6,195 — —

To D % drawn by P. Ie Mejurier, Lieutenant Governor of Alderney, for D° Service - - - 416 16 —

To D", drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - -142 — 6

To D', drawn by D°, for D® Service - - - 273 14 2

To D®, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of Dominica, for D° Service - - 17,615195

To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service ... 19,040 2 7

To D®, drawn by D % for D Service - 22,440 10 7

To D®, drawn by Sir C. Grey, K. B. for D° Service -To D°, drawn by J. Stanley, President of the Council at Antigua, for D° Service, - - - 5,923 5 3

To D % drawn by D°, President of the Council at

Kill's, for D° Service - - - 46 239

February 16 th.

February 16th.

To D°, drawn by C. Leigh, Governor of St. , for D® Service ----- -- - 202 10 —

To D°, draw n by D°, for D° Service - 1,094 6 1

To D°> drawn by A. Cordon, Commandant at Jersey. for D° Service - ----- -- 2,868 — ' —

To D°, drawn by D®, for D° Service - 2,708 ~ —

To D", drawn by D®, for D° Service - 2,438 — —

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Balcarras, Governor of Jamaica, for D® Service - -- -- - 3,985 1 7

To D®, drawn by D°, for D® Service - 500 ——

To D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 257 14 9

To D° drawn by Alex" Brymer, Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for D' Service ----- --- 2,352 18 5

2,915 1 8

2,083 13 10

To D®, drawn by D®, for D Service To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service

£. s. d.

178,149 6 1

32,517 16 — 3.J86 5 7

4r> ,1 T I

" J - 1 1

6,506 5 3

20,595 ——

832 10 8

59,096 12 7

53 ——

6,33> 19 —

1,296 16 1

8,014 ——

4,7+2 16 4

7>35 »3 11 Ta

37 Geo. III. 7° Decembris. 171

Datesof Payments. £. s. d.

1796. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by His Royal Highness Prince Edward' Commandant at Halifax, for Public Services - 1,900 — — To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 3>oco — — To D % drawn by D°, for D° Service - 1 456 11 7

February 16 th. 6,3S6 11 7

February 16 th. To D®, drawn by JcJ. Rcbhy, President of the Council ac for D°

Service - - - 54 »9 3

To D®, drawn by Sir Ja' Wallace, Commandant at Newfoundland, for D® 198 — —

-> Service ——

February x 6 th. To 1)°, drawn by Wm Lin Fay, Governor of Tobago, for D° Service - -45126 To D°, drawn by D®, for D° Service - - - - 141 5 — 186 17 6

February 16th. To D°, drawn by Jr." Robinson, Deputy Paymaster at New Brunswick, for D° Service - 2,236 8 6 To D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - - 2,355 13 xi 4,592 2 5

February 16 th. To D®, drawn by Sir J. Wentworth, Bart. Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for D° Service - - - 1,5 84 135 To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 300 — — To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 4,300 6,184 3 $

February J 6th. To D°, drawn by P. Mathews, President of the Council at Cape Breton, for D® Service - - - - 136 8 10 To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 221 22 257 —

February 16 th. To D°, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Governor of S' John's, for D® Service ----- --- - 226 4 — To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 100 — — 326 4 —

February loth. To D®, drawn by WmEppes, Commi/Tary at Newfoundland, for D° Ser-

% vice ----- -- - 1,142 13 — To D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - - 66 11 3 1,209 9 3

February 16th. To D®, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama

for D® Service - _____ 9,360 6 3 To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 2,751 17 3

To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - - - 8,117 14 4 To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - 574 — 2 20,803 18 —

To D°, drawn by Sir Adam Williamson, K. B. Governor of St. Domingo, for

D° Service - -- - 795,108 1 it

March 23d. To D°, drawn by John Wigglejworth, Esquire, Commifiary General in the Island of St. Domingo, for Dc Service - - 94,500 To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 118,750 — — To D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 80,000 To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - 110,000 To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 100,000 To D®, drawn by Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bart. Vice Roy of Corsica, for D' Service - ----- - 40,718 — — To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - 17,046 7 9 T0 D®, drawn by James Craufurd, Governor of Bermuda Islands, for D® Service - - - 6,093 7 5 503,250 — — 57>764 7 9

To D®, drawn by D®, for Service - - - 2,327 15 u To D°, drawn by R. S. Milnes, Governor of Tobago, for D® Service ----- -- - 102 To D®, drawn by D", Governor of Martinique, for D® 8,421 3 4

Service - -- - - -- - 500 To D®, drawn by James Seton, Lieutenant Governor of Vincent's, (or D® Service - - - - - - 4>321 1 602 — "

Vol. <2. To D®, drawn by D®, for D'Service - 3>7ia 10 6 8,033 12 4 To

172

Dates of Payments.

»796-March 23 di

February >oth

70 Decembr.

To Bills drawn by //. F. Mackenzie, President of the Council at Grenada,

for Public Services - - - "95 ——

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - 101 — — -

To D°, drawn by John Glasftird, Deputy Commifiary to the Forces in the

Leeward Islands, for D° Service - - - - 31,550 ——

To D°, drawn by D", for D° Service - 35,010 ——

To D4, drawn by George Don, Colonel in the Army, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by Havilandle Mejurier, Deputy Commifiary General on the

Continent, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by G. Poyntz Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes, for D° Service To D°, drawn by C. Rainsford, Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, for D° Service ——

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Honourable Thomas Lieutenant

Governor of New Brunswkk, for D" Service -To D°, drawn by S. Mitchell, President of the Council of Grenada, for D° Service ——

To D\ drawn by Sir I lew Dalrymple, Lieutenant Governor of for

D° Service -

To D°, drawn by Martin Petrie, Commifiary of Accounts to the Army in the Mediterranean, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by Edward Maxwell, Agent for the Purchase of Provisions at Gibraltar, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by Sir G. K. Fdphinstone, K. B. Vice Admiral of the Navy, for L)° Service -

To D°, drawn by A. Urqubart, Assistant Commifiary of the Forces in the Mediterranean, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by Francis Drake, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Genoa, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by James Ogilvie, General Commanding the Forces in Nova Scotia, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by IVill" IViifon, Captain in the Artillery, for D° Service - -To D°, drawn by Sir JeP Fitzpatrick, Physician to the Forces, for D° Service To Dft, drawn by Cha‘ Major, Commifiary of Accounts to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, for D" Service ——

To D", drawn by IV. A. Otway, Captain in the Navy, for the Support of TouloncfeSeamen ——

To D°, drawn by Lieutenant General Rainsford, Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, for special Contingent Expences, for the Service of that Garrison -To D°, drawn by General O'Hara, for D" Service -

To D°, drawn by John Hamilton, Esquire, for the Purchase of Horses in the United States of America, for His Majesty's Service in the West Indies, and for Forage and Freight of the same ——

To Bills drawn by the acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there -

To Cash paid by Mr. Burner, adding Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th December 1795 - 12,184 19 5

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th March 1796 - - 9,120 16 8

To D°, paid by DJ, for D°, to 24th June 1796 - 5,886 5 7

To D°, paid by Mr. Winfow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th December 1795 - - 31,214 16 1

To D°, paid by D % for D°, to 24th March 1796 - 22,037 13 7

To Bills of Exchange drawn by H. M. Gordon for the extraordinary Expences of the Forces at The Cape of Good Hope - 2,341 ——

To D0, drawn by H. Ross, for D° of D° Forces - - 17,087 10 10

On Account of Pay, &c. of sundry Black Corps for the Year 1795, raised for Service in the West Indies, &c. - - 10,120 12 9

On Account of D°, for the Year 1796 - 60,095 10 3

To Mefirs. Ross and Ogilvie, for Bat and Blanket Horses for a Corps of Loyal French Emigrants - - - 8188 —

To D', for 61 Days Subsistence and Consolidated Allowances ot D° Corps to the 24th June 1796 - - 1,755 3 u

To D°, for 200 Days Forage, Baggage, and Bat Money

forD° Corps, for the Year 1795, &c. - 929 18 —

A. 179 <5,

£ s. d,

196 — ____

66,560 ——

4,480 — _____

35,000 ——

IOI 5

90 10 6

625 17 j 6 3 1 a j 2,510 8 —

700 — . __

250 — ___

974 12 — i 740 13 9

9,158 — ,

2,323 8 6

200 -

243 5 4

4,500 ——

58,500 ——

5>564 15 t 7,046 4 4

67,7j4 13 4 361,088 5 —

27,192 1 g

53>252 9 8

19,428 10. 10 70,216 3 —

o>5°3 9 it

To

37 Geo. III.

7° Decembris.

73

Daces of Payments.

1796. January 4th *

795 *

September 19th.

May 21 ft.

March 31st.

1796. March 8 th.

24th.

21 ft.

February 26th.

March lft.

To William Bishop, late acting Governor of for Pay of his Secre-

tary, and an Allowance for Stationary to 26th May 1794 ----- --- 172 16 8

To Lieutenant General Ainjlie,to reimburse Expences incurred by him at the Hague in February 1793, where he was sent to concert Measures with the Hutch Government - - 200 ——

jC»

March 21 ft.

To Cha' Majon, Esq; Commissary of Accounts of

the Army on the Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office -

To John IVigglcsworth, Elq; Commissary General at St. Domingo, for Necessaries for his Department, and on Account of Pay and Expences thereof To Michael Macnamara, for Expences incurred by him

in raising a Corps of Men, Src. for the Defence of Martinique ——

To L. Mackintosh, for the Contingent Expences of his

Office as Deputy Commissary of the Forces at St. Domingo ——

To Joseph'Bushby, Assistant Commissary at ‘St. Domingo,

to defray the Expences of Artificers attending the said Commiflariate ——

To Messrs. Pearfe, for providing Necessaries for the Forces in St. Domingo and Martinique -To D°j for furidry Articles supplied by them for the Use of the Forces in the General Hospitals in the Leeward Islands -

To Lieutenant Toole, for the Expense attending the Cure of a Wound received at the Capture of Martinique. whilst serving as an Ensign in the 8th Regiment of Foot ——

To Lieutestant General David Dundas, in Reimbursemenf of Expences incurred by him during his Command in the Mediterranean in the Years 1793 and 1794 To Mr. T. Bidwell, for so much advanced to Colonel Craufurd for Jcurnies On Service, while employed on a special Million Abroad - -

To William Mitford, Elq; to reimburse so much advanced by him to Lieutenant Colonel Refs, to

replace Articles loft in a Storm on the 16th November

795 " -

To Sir G. Elliot, Bart. Vice Roy of for his

Equipage , - -

To Stephen Kingston, for a Cargo of Pitch, Pine, Lumber, delivered for the Service of Government in St. Lucia, in the Year 1794, and for his Expences thereon ——

To Chevalier de Chevigne, in Consideration of the Wotinds he received whilst serving with the Army, which have rendered him incapable of further Service ——

To Captain Jas Urmston, for the Expences in entertaining Major Generals Graham and ,ort

board The Sir Edward Hughes East Indiaman, on the West India Expedition - -

To Lieutenant Colonel M‘ Mur do, for bringing Dispatches containing Intelligence of the Reduction of The Cape of Good Hope To Lieutenant Colonel Calvert, to be paid over to Mons' de Valcour,who was employed confidentially by the Duke of Fork on the Continent To COmte de Lambertye, as an Indemnity for the Expences incurred by him in having been directed to raise a Regiment of French Infantry -To Lieutenant Horace St. Paul, for Expences in bringing Dispatches from Gibraltar - -

' OL. 52.

1,000 -

5,190 ——

>39 5 7 3

200 ——

204 n —

20,293 4 5

16,288 17 6

72 9 —

300 ——

304 11 —

230 ——

2,000 ——

1,490 16 9

100 ——

400 — — -

500 ——

50 — —

200 — - —

45 ——

To

7° Decemb

-d. 179

Dates of Payments.

1796-March 21ft.

January 5th.

To B. Watson, Esq; to enable him to discharge Demands on Account of the Army lately serving on the Continent -To Lieutenant Colonel Calvert, to be paid over to sundry Persons for the Services on the Continent of Europe

To R. Johnson Smyth, for the Balance of his Account

as Assistant Commissary General in Nova Scotia, between the 25th of September 1782 and the 31st of December 1783 -

To Lieutenant Colonel H. Calvert, to be applied for the Use of certain French Officers under the Command of the Duke of York on the Continent To the Earl of Macartney, for his Expences during the Time he was employed on a Million in Italy -To Mr. John Bernard, for the Expences incurred by the late Count D'llervilly in forming Lifts, and procuring Information relative to the French Emigrant Corps ——

To Sir Ralph dbercrcmby, K. B. Commander in Chief

in the West Indies, towards providing himself with an Equipage ——

- 33 12 it

3,299 — — 5,00+ 11 —

55 4 —

1,000 ——

£ s. d.

For the Pay of several General and Staff Officers serving on the Continent, for sundry Periods in the Year

794 ....

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 182 Days additional Pay as Quarter Matter General, to 24th June

795....

Tolundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War,

to various Periods -

To sundry D , for D° for D® Services, to 24th June

795 " ....

To L. Mackintosh, for 240 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary to the Forces in the West Indies, to 21ft

August 1795....._

To Captain H. Cuyler, for 112 Days Pay as Adjutant to a Detachment of Forces at Toulon, to 17 th December 1793 ——

To Sir J. Fitzpatrick, Inspector of Health, for Me-

dical Services, between 8th November 1793 and 8th September 1794 -

To Sir W. Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th De 1795 - -To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 183 Days D°, as Quarter Matter General, to D" - -

To D°, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, to D°

To Lieutenant General Rainsford, for 365 Days Pay as Lieutenant General, with Two Aides de Camp, to 24th December 1794 -

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada during the late War, to various Periods For the Pay of sundry Assistant Commissaries on the Continent, to 24th December 1795 -

To Sir G. Elliot, Bart, for Three Quarters of a Year's Salary as Vice Roy of Corftca -To Captain N. Hone, for 220 Days Pay as Major of Brigade, to 24th December 1795, and for Allowance of Forage - -

To the Representatives of Ja‘ Wright, for 39 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces in Guadaloupe, to 7th

June 1794....

To E. Home, Esq; for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1795 To B.Watson, Esq; for 182 Days Pay as Superintendant and Director of Forage, &c; of the Army on the Continent, to ill March 1795 ~ *

with the Forces 7 766 4 ti

689 12 1

77 9 6 86 6 6

60 — —

21 4 4

592 8 —

693 7 11 %

693 7 11

172 17 6

1,683 '2 6

182 16 —

>73 5 —

6,000 ——

23 3 1

18 9

172 17 6

728 ——

66,631 1 $

2L493 3 —

To

V

37 Geo. III.

7° Decembris.

Dates of Payments.

795-

April ad.

7th.

1796.

\January nth.

March 31st. April 19th.

1796. January nth.

March aift.

1794. October 26th.

"December 3d.

795-

» February 13th.

25th.

April 29th.

May 27 th. June 3d.

July 13 th.

Vet. 52.

To Mr. Window,on Account of Subsistence of a Corps of Waggoners - - 550 ——

To D® for D® Service ----- - 1,500 — — -

To D° for D° Service ——

1,300

32,000 — —

2,900 1

>395 5

3> 706 15

6

2

3 4

To MefTrs. Adams and Weis ford., for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped, in the Year 1795, in the Southern District - -

To D", for Flour and Bread supplied at , Portsmouth, and Southampton -To D®, for Flour supplied to the Bakery at Poole To D°, for Bread, &c. delivered to the Troops at Southampton ——

To Messrs. Adams and Hodge, for the Balance of their Account, is Contractors for furnishing the Forces encamped in England with Bread, &c. in the Year

794 -

To Messrs. W. D. Adams and G. , towards

enabling them to supply Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in England in the Year 1796 - -

To D°, for Bread supplied to the Forces at

Southampton, Pooler Plymouth, &c. - -

To D°, for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at Portsmouth - -

To D°, for D" Service ——

To D®, towards enabling them to supply Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in England in the Year 1796 -

To D°, for Supplies to the Troops encamped in South Britain in the Year 1795 To D®, for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at Portsmouth, &c. ——

To D®, for D° delivered to D® in the County of Essex,

&c. -

To Mr. H. Cutler, for Supplies delivered to the Army under the Command of the Earl of Moira, from 9th June to 3 ill August 1795 -

To D°, for D° delivered by him to the Army at Southampton, from ift September 1795 to 30th January 1796 - -

To W> Fettes, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw to the Forses encamped in North Britain in the Year 1795 ——

To D°, for D° Service in the Year 1796 -

To D°, for D° Service ——

75.

s, d.

3>3S o

For Baggage and Forage Money, for additional Officers of the Buckingham Militia, ordered to take the Field For additional Bat Horles for the 79th and 80th Regiments of Foot, serving on the Continent For Bat Horses for D° Regiments -

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage for their respective Regiments, embarked for Foreign Service - -

To the Colonels of sundry D®, for D° for their respective Regiments, ordered on Foreign Service, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for £. 8,778. 15 --

To D®, for Bat and Blanket Horses for D" Regiments, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for £.3,36o. - -

For Baggage and Forage Money for 130th Regiment of Foot, ordered to embark for Foreign Service -For Bat and Blanket Horses for D® Regiment To Lieutenant Colonel Myddleton, to complete Baggage and Forage Money for the Denbigh Militia, having been ordered to take the Field in 17 94 - -

To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, ordered to take the Field ——

20,000 — —

14,542 8 3

3A47 8 —

4>003 8 7

23,000 — —

10,923 9 7

4>43 5 8

4,205 5 11

18,309 6 9

CO t- c 16 5

2,992 5 7

3,000 — —

5,000 — —

s of the

IS — —

378 — —

1,171 l6

935 " —

7> 7 5 —

2,736 — —

532 10 —

210

is —

2,5 3 4 _

75> 7 3 6

To

176

7° Decembr.

A. 1796.

Dates of Payments.

7 95 *

13 th.

2 2d.

29th.

August 5th,

To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for an Allowance for their respective Corps, having been ordered to take the Field, being the Third Year of their Encampment -

For Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers attending the Forces, on taking the Field in the Year

>795 ....

For Bat and Blanket Horses for sundry Regiments of Foot ordered on Foreign Service -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, ordered to take the Field -To Colonel Bayly, for Forage Money for the MiddlesexMilitia, in the Year 1795 -

To complete Allowance of Baggage and Forage Money for the North Gloucester Militia, in the Year 1794 For Baggage Horses, for the additional Company of the Montgomery Militia, ordered to take the Field For Baggage and Forage Money to the Officers of the 2d and 3d Battalions of the tft Regiment of Foot Guards, ordered to take the Field -For D° for the 2d Battalion of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, ordered to take the Field For Bat Horses for Two Troops of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, when ordered on Foreign Service For Baggage Horses for 23d Regiment of Dragoons, when encamped in the Year 1794 To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, ordered to take the Field For Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money, for certain Officers of the 8th Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to embark for Service in July 1795 -For Baggage Horses for sundry Corps, ordered on Foreign Service ——

For Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Corps, ordered on Foreign Service -For D for additional Officers appointed on the Augmentation of sundry Regiments of Foot, ordered on D -

For Bat and Blanket Horses for sundry Corps of Foot, ordered on D"

For D" for sundry Regiments and Detachments of Dragoons, ordered on D° -For Baggage Horses for the additional Company of the Northern Regiment of Fencibles, on taking the Field

>795 - - ‘

For Baggage and Forage Money to the Officers of the

Second Battalion of the Co Regiment of Foot Guards, ordered to take the Field -For Baggage Horses for First Battalion of 90th Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field in 1794 - -For Baggage Horses for the Foot Guards - r -To complete the Allowance of Baggage and Forage Money for the First Battalion of 78 th Foot, on taking the Field in the Year 1794 -

For Baggage Horses for the additional Company of the North Gloucester Militia, ordered to take the

Field....

For Baggage and Forage Money for the additional Company to the Montgomery Militia, ordered to take the Field ——

For Baggage and Forage to the Subaltern Officers of sundry Corps of Militia who had taken the Field in the Year 1795 for the First Time, without having received any Part of the Field Allowances issued in 1793 ——

For Forage Money for the Militia, ordered

to take the Field ——

r

/»♦ *

d.

8,512 il —

11,856 ——

2,100 — —

>4.253 >5 —

1,304 2 —

289 12 — 60 — —

37 >6 —

865: -

426 5 —

>5> 4 —

321 6 —

1,946 14 —

138 15 —

420 ——

5,420 ——

7,695 ——

4.970 ——

840 ——

75 >2 —

426 5 —

491 S — 1,606 10 —

125 ——

37 16 — 45 ——

375 ~ 34$ 4

For

3 7 Geo. III.

7° Decembris.

177

Dates of Payments.

795 *

August 5 th.

For Forage Money for the 97th Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field -For Baggage and Forage Money for the Argyll and Southern Regiments of Fencibles, ordered to prepare to take the Field For an Allowance to the Officers of sundry Corps of Militia, who kept up their Baggage Horses from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 For Bat and Blanket Horses for Colonel Irwirie' % York Hussars, ordered on Foreign Service For Baggage Horses for D°

For D° for the York Rangers and Fuzileers, ordered on

Foreign Service -For Bat and Blanket Horses for D° Corps For Baggage and Forage Money for the 86th Regiment of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service For Baggage Horses for the Fencible Cavalry,

ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To Lord Charles Somerset, for his Allowance of Bat Forage Money in the Year 1795, as Commandant of 103d Regiment of Foot For Baggage and Forage Money for the 10th Regiment of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service For Bat and Blanket Horses, for sundry Regiments of Dragoons, Ordered on D° for Baggage Horses for D" Regiments - -

For Baggage and Forage Money for the 2d Battalion of the 7th Foot, ordered on Foreign Service For D , for additional Officers appointed on the Augmentation of sundry Regiments of Foot, serving Abroad - -

For D , for sundry Officers of the late I02d Regiment of Foot, ordered to hold themselves in Readiness for Foreign Service - -

For D°, for the 90th Regiment of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service ——

For Baggage Horses for the Argyll Fencibles, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field -For an Allowance to sundry Militia Corps, who have kept up their Baggage Horses from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 - -

For Forage Money for the East Militia *

having taken the Field in the Year 1795

£. s.

373 8 1,087 10

55 ——

170 —

80 —

I,a8o —

340 —

851 5

340 4 '

996 5 —

62 10

891 5

390 — 180 —

527 10 8,052 10

»7 5 —

885 ——

207 18 —

265 — — 289 12 —

98,616 1

IlTued to the Barrack Master General,

For providing Coals, Candles, Beer, Bedding, Utensils, Furniture, &c. for Cavalry and Infantry in Barracks, in Great , Jersey, and

Alderney, and for Repairs, Contingencies, &c.

For Forage for Cavalry Rationed iri D -For Bedding, Furniture, and Stores lent to Gibraltar For sundry Supplies ferit'for the Barracks, in the Island of St. Domingo -

For sundry Supplies sent for the Barracks, at The Cape of Good Hope ——

For Bedding, Stores, &c. sent to Newfoundland, and for Expences incurred therefor Fuel, Candles, &c. for the Troops Rationed therein, and for Repairs, Contingencies, &c. ——

For erecting and providing Hofoitals in Great Britain, See....

405,184 —

106,099 6

9,100 —

29,079 15 2

6>930 ——

5>T9° ——

16,471 12 a

795

December 3 id. I To John Trotter, F,fq; for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of 1796.

‘January nth.

the Forces in the Leeward Islands To D°, for providing Hospital Utensils and Stores for the Forces at Cole heft er -

To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Forces in sundry Hospitals, in and adjacent to Cheljca

22,473 4

1,532 16

4,879 3 5

578»054 14

VOL. 52.

Z z

To

7° Decembris.

l)a:cs of Payments.

1796. January 27th.

1 March 2d.

cist.

January 18 th-

January8 th.

29th. February 16th. Marchib tit. April 19th.

1796.

January I ft.

11 th. 7th.

February 29th March 3 ift-

To John Trotter, Esq; for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces -To D°, for D0 Service - -

To D", for sundry Articles provided by him for the Department of die Quarter Master General, going to thd West Indies -

To DJ, for providing Camp Necessaries, Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces -To D", for providing Hospital Bedding for D» -To D", for providing Camp Necessaries and Hospital

Bedding for the Use of the Forces

O

To B°, for D° Service - -

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D°, for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces -To DJ, for Camp Necessaries, Hospital Bedding, tec. for D°

4,703 — I

6,433 5 9

6,256 1 6

36,421 5 11

18,996 1 11

48,544 1 3

15>74° 1S —

19>392 6 —

12,751 5 —

11,041 3 5

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of for One

Year's Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, to Christmas 1795 - - - 432 19 3

To JohnGeddes, F.fq; for Necessaries, &c. for the Forces

in North Britain, for the Year 1795 - 1,359 6 8

To James Window, Esq; Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c.

To D", for Dn Service To D°, for D° Service To D\ for D° Service To D°, for D0 Service To D", for D3 Service To D°, for I)0 Service To D", for D ' Service To D , for D° Service To D", for D° Service

5.000

1.000

8.000

8.000

5.000

5.000

5.000

5.000

5.000 4,200

For the Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the id Regiment of Foot Guards, from 25th December 1794 to 24th June 1795 ——

For D°, to the D° of the 2d Regiment of D°, from D° to D° -

For D°, to the D° of the 3d Regiment of D°, from D° to D° ——

For D', to the D° of the ift Regiment of D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1795 -

For D % to the D° of the 2d Regiment of DJ, from D' to DJ - -

For D3, to the D° of the 3d Regiment of D°, from D° to D'

For D , to the D° of D° Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1794-

2,708 1 —

1,708 3 —

1,708 3 ~

2,708 1 —

1,708 3 —

1,708 3 —

1,708 3 —

To MefTrs. Bernard and Brockjbank, for Swords supplied to the Serjeants and Drummers of the Invalid Companies To MefTrs. J. and F.Carleton, on Account for Embarkations, &c. of Troops at differens Ports in Ireland To Mcflrs. Cox and Co. on Account of Subsistence of sundry Draughts and Invalids at Eliyg Barracks,

Southampton ——

To D", on Account for D° Service -To T, Wright, Printer of The Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, for advertizing Desterters between the xoch /Iprii and jth July 1795 To D°, for advertizing D3 between the icth July and 5th October 1795 ——

To T. Rice, Esq; Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the I lorle and Foot Guards in the Year 1793 To D°, far IT,done at the F'ootGuards Rooms,

House Barracks, Recruit House, &c. in I)° Year To V/"Gcrlcn, Esq; for providing a Table for the Of-

ficers of the Foot and Life Guards on Duty at St.

James's, tec. from 25th March to 23d 1795 4,083 7 6

196 9 6

6,000 ——

500 — —

2,000 ----- -i

232 12 ---

219 13 II

2, S32 4 4

4,678 16 1

A. 1796.

£ s. d %

509,165 II — 4

1,792 5 ||

51,000 -- — '

i3,956 7 ~

To

37 Geo. Ilf.

7° Decembris.

7 9

Dates of Payments

1796.

April 9th

October 31st.

November 19th.

26th. December 3d

3.580

231

18 8

ij 9

To Major General Fox, for the Amount of Expenditures at Chatham, for Pay, Contingencies of die Staftj &c. for Six Months, to 24th 1795 , - c,8SS 17 u

12th. To Messrs. J.and F. Car let on, on Account for Embarkations, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland -19th. To Messrs. Rob'iVHJon and Sons, as a Compenliition on Account of Losses sustained by them on certain Quantities of Wheat - -

To Count de Bother!I for Certain Articles purchased by liim, which have been applied for the Service of the

Army.....- - - 561 6 8

To Messrs. J. and G. F. Carleton, for Expectes incurred

by them for Bedding and Necessaries (Applied to the 79th Regiment of Foot, on its Embarkation from -land in the Year 1794 -

To Sir WK Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24rh December 1795 To Lieutenant General Morrijon, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25 th December 1794 to 24th June 1795 - -

To D , for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1795 -To the Reverend 2". Gamble, for Expences in construtfting a Telegraph for the Army under Sir Ralph To Sir IV Howei K. B. for the Hire of Ground for encamping the Troops under his Command in the Year 1795 ——

To Sir W. Pitt, K. B. for D° in D‘ Year To Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger, for several Articles of

Cloathing, and Appointments belonging to the late 31st Regiment Dragoons, appropriated to the Public Service ——

To D°, for the Expence incurred in providing Cloathing and Appointments for the Augmentation to D° Regiment ——

To George Gamier, Esq; Apothecary General, for Medicines supplied for the Use of the Army, from 1 ft January to 24th June 1795 To Mr. John Chariton, for Re-payment of so much fur-charged in his declared Account, as late Agent to Regimental Infirmaries, for Want of Vouchers, which have since been produced - - - 210 6 —

To L.Morje, Esq; for carrying on for One Year, to

Midsummer 179 6,a progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers of the Army - 103 3 —

To John Brickwocd, Esq? to be remitted for the Ser-

vice of His Imperial Majesty -To Messrs. Ccx and Co. on Account of Subsistence of sundry Draughts and Invalids, under the Care of Major Barrette ——

To A. Loughnan, Esq; to be remitted for the Service of

His Imperial Majesty - - - 70,000 ——

To D', for D" Service - - 60,000 — - —

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 70,000 ——

To L. Morje, Esq; for his Contingent Disbursements,

as late Secretary to Field Marshal Lord Amherst, from 25th December 1794 to 25th March 1795 - - 343 13 1

To lVm Gorton, Esq; for providing a Table for the Officers of the FootandLife Guards on Dutyat«S7.

&c. from 24th September 1795 to 24th March 1796 4,083 7 6

£. f. d.

383 19 4

31S 5 —

224 4 —

234 4 "

184 12 7

i>66o 18 8

273 4 11

1,441 II 16

712 3 n

20,544 6 1

200,000 ——

2,500 ——

Deduct,

Voted on Account of Extraordinaries Re-payments by Claude Scott, Esq;

D°, by John Brickwood, Esq; -

D°, by the Executors of IV" Esq;

D°, by Alex' Davison, Esq; -

The Sum voted (or the Sardinian Subsidy -

1,350,000 ——

385.000 ——

20.000 — —

20.000 — —

12,169 13 6

200.000 — —

460,926 — 3

5,267,683 6 ‘8

War Office,

7 th December 1796. IVindham.

I-

1,987,169 13 6

3,280,513 13 2

Vol. 52.

Ordered

Committee of

W aya and Means,

Supply, deferred.

Vink's Nat. Bill, reported.

We lion 7oy-land Inclosure Bill, reported.

180 70 — 8° Decembris. . 179

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.-

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Decembris j Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Adriaen

de Gruyter Vink, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr: Dickinson, Senior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Failures within the Parish of West oh Zoyland, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Six Common Rights and an Half, who are neuter; and also the Owners of One Fourth of a Freehold Right, and the Owners of Two Fifths of Two Leasehold Rights; who could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is One hundred and Twenty-eight; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard have Leave to go into the Leave of Ab-Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. fence'

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to R«-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,<ie' Upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to thelmprisonment of their Persons for Nonpayment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as w'ell as Civil Cafes;

Resolved, That this House will; upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee:

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Chatham thereunto subscribed, Trustees, amongst others, ap- dsPeti' pointed for putting in Execution the several Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by Two several Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester,to Saint Crop, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for repealing so much of a former Ad as appropriates Part of the Money, arising by the Tolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Bought on under the Eicon, in the said County of Kent, several Powers and Authorities tvere given, and certain Tolls granted, to the Trustees therein named, and by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the said Acts were continued for the further Term of Five Years; and that by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth " Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which " lies next to the City of Rochester, to Dunflan s

" Crop, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of " Kent, and for amending and widening the Road from " the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called " Makenade Comer, in the Parish of Pre/lon, to Bagham

" Crop and ShalmsfordLane-End, in the Parish of -

" ham, in the said County," several further Powers and Authorities were granted, and the Term of the said Acts was further continued, and that, the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act being now nearly expired, the said Roads cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, and safe and commodious for Travellers, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and to explain, amend, and extend, the Powers of the said several before-mentioned Acts, and that such further Order may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir liam Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to-fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The

6.

,. Account of

f.l$ Groi's Reve-

:hc fib nue of Poit O.Hce, pre-

.ilC 1 a fe- Ctuced.

be

lie krv.

teii

to 0r>; Alexander Morrice com-

e, k

xi n- r mitted to

Newgate.

'e Crb?

1

' tSL

37 GeO, III,

8° Decembris.

181

The House being informed that Mn Church, from the General Poll Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Revenue of the Poll Office; for Four Years, to 5th April 1796,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred 311 ‘ e' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Railing a Sum That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- b)'A(mttltlc '

The said Account is preserved amongst the other jesty, the Sum of Eighteen Millions be raised by An-Papers of this Session.

nuities.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the

Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee, Terms foe That every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen the Millions shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of ;£. 112. ioj. in Annuities, after the Rate of£.5. per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10 th Day of

" ing been duly summoned, by virtue of a Warrant " from Mr. Speaker, to attend as a Witness to give " Evidence before the Select Committee, appointed to " take into Consideration the Petition of George Tierney, October 1796, and to be irredeemable, unless with the " complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Expiration " Borough of Southwark, and having disobeyed the said of Three Years from the Period at which the exilling Summons, has been guilty of a Breach of the Privi- Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5. per Centum per Annum, " lege of this House," might be read. shall be redeemed and paid off, or the Interest payable

And the same being read accordingly; thereon reduced:

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be, for his That every Proprietor of the said Annuities shall, at said Offence, committed to His Majesty's Gaol of New- his Desire, on Three Months Notice, be entitled, at any gate. Period of Time not less than Two Years after the End of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants ac- the present War, and Ratification of the Definitive

eordingly.

Choumert's Nat. Bill, passed.

Treaty of Peace thereupon, to have the said Annuities redeemed, either by the Payment of roo. for every £. too. of such Annuities, or ofj£. 133. 6n Capital in the £.3. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor:

That the said Annuities, after the Rate of £.e,. per

Steinberg's and Blau-rock's Nan Bill, passed.

India Company's Revenue Accounts referred to a Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George Choumert, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Ghoumert.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Centum per Annum, and the said Annuities, after the Rate Lords, and delire their Concurrence. of £.3. per Centum per Annum, to which the said Contri-

butors may respectively become entitled, shall, as the An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Frederick same arise, be charged and chargeable upon, and pay-Steinberg and Charles Blaurock, was read the Third able out of, the Consolidated Fund, and shall be pay-Time. able and transferrable at the Bank of England, and shall

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be paid Half Yearly on the 5 th Day of April and the be. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and 10th Day of October, in every Year:

Charles Blaurock. . That every Contributor shall, on or before the 13th

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Day of January 1797, make a Deposit of £. 10. per Cen-JLords, and desire their Concurrence, on such Sum as he or she shall have subscribed to-

wards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, with the Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the which were presented to the House upon the 18th and Bank of England, as a Security for making the future

31st Days of October last, by Mr. Owen, from the Direc tors of the East India Company, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 19th Day of this Instant December, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Complaint being made to the House, that undue Practices had been used, for the Purpose of preventing Alexander Morrice from appearing to give Evidence before the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, wldl That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Complaint relative to Alexander Morrice.

Morion

Orders for the Attendance of Captain Bartlett and Mr. Speck, discharged.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Captain Bartlett and Mr. Henry Speck, be now read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Vo 1,. 52.

Payments, on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned, that is to say;

£. 10, per Centum on or before the 17 th Day of March next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 21st Day of April next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 2d Day of June next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 21st Day of July next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 23th Day of next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 28th Day of tember next; and

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 3 ill Day of October next:

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the Receipt of the

Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That no Receipt, for the Monies so to be contributed, shall be issued to any Contributor until after the 17th Day of March 1797, or until such Contributor shall have contributed and paid the Sum on the Sum by him subscribed:

3A That

Charging1 a Duty on Sugar,

IT.

V.

D° on Bricks.

D0 on Pepper.

T> .

D° on

Brimitone,

&c.

D° on

other Custom Oucil.'.

18 a 8° Decembris. 179

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, or any Instalment thereof, before the 13th Day of January 1797, shall be allowed an In-tcreft, by Way of Dilcount, after the Rate of £.5. Centum per Annum on the Sum so advanced, to be computed from the Day of paying the fame, to the said 13th Day of January 1797:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Sum of jf.20. per Centum on the Sum by him subscribed, between the 13th Day of January and the 17th Day of March 1797, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of/. 5. per Centum per Annum on One Half of the Sum so paid in, to be computed from the Day of paying the fame, to the 17th Day of March 1797:

And that every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, at any Time between the 17 th Day of March and the 28th Day of September 1797, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of /. 3. per Centum per on the Sum so

advanced, for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 31 It Day of October 1797.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Culloms, of Two Shillings and Six Pence, be charged upon every One Hundred Weig lit of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, of the British

Plantations, which shall be imported into this Kingdom after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Replied, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Culloms, of Two Shillings and Six Pence, be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar which may have been, or shall be, imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company, and which shall be loid at the Sales of the said Company after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Culloms, of Five Shillings, be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of any other Sugar which shall be imported into this Kingdom after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Culloms, of Three Shillings and Seven Pence, be charged upon every One Thou land Bricks imported into this Kingdom.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Culloms,of One Penny,be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper imported by the India Company, which shall be taken out of, or delivered from, any Warehouse, for the Purpose of Exportation, after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten Pounds per Centum be charged upon the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Culloms, now due, and payable to His Majesty on Pepper, which shall be delivered out of any Warehouse to be used and consumed in this Kingdom after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten Pounds per Centum be charged upon the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs, now due and payable to His Majesty, on the following Articles imported into this Kingdom, that is to say, Brimstone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or unwrought. Ordinary Oil of Olives, and Staves, imported from any Part of Europe.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the fopply granted to His Ma-2

jesty, an additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum. be charged upon the Produce and Amount of the fe--veral Duties of Culloms, now due, and payable to His Majesty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coaflrwife within this Kingdomj except Wine, Sugar *

Coals brought or carried Coallvvile within this Kingdom, Bricks, Brimltone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or un-wrouglit, Ordinary Oil of Olives, Pepper, Staves im-porteel from any Part of Europe, and Prize Goods, on being warehoused.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Part of Draw That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- "nd jesty, so much of the Drawback of the Duties of Cocoa Nut Culloms, now allowed on the Exportation of Coffee repealed; and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, as exceeds the Drawback of the Duties of Culloms now allowed on the Exportation of any other Sort of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall be repealed, and no longer paid or allowed.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Auc'10ns' jesty, an additional Excile Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising, or payable, by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of any Interest in Possession or Reversion in any Freehold, Copyhold, of Leasehold, Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities, or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils in Husbandry and Fanning Stocks, Ships and Vessels, and of any Reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excile Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising, or payable, by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°on ®nck That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excile Duty of One Shilling be charged for everyThoufand cf Bricks which shall be

made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion lor any greater or lets Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback on That a Drawback of the said Duty be allowed on all 15'

Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ot jesty, an additional Excile Duty of Nine Pence be charged for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoile cf Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Britain, and which shall be delivered for Home Consumption out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been, or shall be, lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, after the 7 th Day of December 1796.

Replved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D *

That, towards raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, an additional Excile Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged for ever}' Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 7th Day of December 1796, or which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse, in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or leis Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not

9$.

'WUH

tafe-. >le to

yj'7 *

'iricd :i'gar, win-/-'

o

im-

> im *

S on

tree, P:- > Ala- C{C

s of &

: 3ie &

Co-the lion 1 be

fce, Dht Ua- air-the any in or tatty Jrv many

D'e&

D:.

D -

37 Geo. Ilf.

8° Decembris.

183

not be 1796.

paid on or before the 7th Day of December

Dvifron Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee *

Colic . That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Nine Pence be charged for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered for Home Consumption out of the Warehouse, in which the same shall have been, or shall be, lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, after the 7th Day of December 1796. p°on Wash. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or

Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to rlen over Hydrometer Proof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, DutyonSpi-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- fro cot- jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Five Pence Half- laud, penny be charged for every Gallon, English Wine Measur, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten. over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been imported, or brought, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unshipping *

2 *

D *

Th\ty on Wash produced by S'j W. Bishop, ice.

Dufy on Joints imported irom Scotland#

V.

nude in that Part of Crest Britain called Englandfor and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay

r- - n- -r--- — - r- - — or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged for every Gallon,

extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Mult, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the lame, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be laid upon

D\

every Gallon of Cyder and Perry, or any other Walh Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a greater Strength than

or Liquor brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of Materials, except such as are before-mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall not. be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ef this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consump-

that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain Called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called

u # t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged for every Gallon English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have tion, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits been imported from that Part of Great Britain called

D°.

on or before the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 7th Day of December 1796 *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be laid upon every Ninety-six Gallons of Walh, which Sir William Blshop, Argles Bifkop, and George Bishop, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, may produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and Twelve Pounds, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Five Pence Halffor every Gallon, English Wine

Brandy.

Scotland., into that Part of Great Britain called England. and, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship 01 Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unshipping, and before the Landing thereof or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i>utyoa That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty an additional Excile Duty of Ten Pence be charged for every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duly of Ten Pence be charged for every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Veste! in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unshipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

D *

penny be charged for every gallon, ngnjn Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or ma- jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and nufadured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Brandy which shall be imported or brought from thence into above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Bri~ that Part of Great Britain called England after the 7th tain after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Day of December 1796- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and jesty, an additional Excile Duty, in Proportion to the Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Brandy Surplus Strength, be charged-for every Gallon, English above Proof, which shall have been imported into Vol, 52. Great

D *

u.

8° Decembr.

i>uty on Ruin> See *

t>°.

V.

a *

D.

179

Great Britain, and Which, aftet the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unlhipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or AquaVits, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita;, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same Hull have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unihipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 7 th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitte above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Bri, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unshipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, f?pm and after the said 7 th Day of , be delivered

out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, respectivel'y, for Home Consumption, except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties, due and payable thereon, shall have been paid on or before the said 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits above Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said 7th Day of December

1796, shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said 7th Day of December 1796, be delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said 7th Day of December

1796- .

ReJ'olveds That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on spi-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- nts»&c jesty, an additional Excite Duly of Ten Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitas (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid) which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 7th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D3. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Ten Pence be charged for every Gallon of Single Spirits, of Aqua Vita; (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid) which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel after the Unihipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wrharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita; (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 7th Day of December

1796-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita; (other than such Brandy, Rum, or-Spirits as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 7th Day of December 1796, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel alter the Unship-ping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the lirit Landing thereof, and u'hich shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Tea. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty ot Ten Pounds per Centum be laid upon all Tea which shall be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for Two Shillings per Pound Weight or upwards, alter the 7th Day of December 1796 (or which, having been lo fold, shall be found in any Warehouse belonging to the said United Company after the said 7th Day of December 1796) to be computed upon the Grols Prices at which such Tea shall be, or shall have been, fold.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback o» That a Drawback of the Duty be granted upon the £>" Exportation of all such Tea sold by the said United Company, and exported to any Piace where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Annual Duty of Thirty-lix Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, in the Low Lands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D3.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

J>u ty Stills.

D4

b°.

I)0.

D°.

Discontinuinj the Rates of Postage in England,

Charging a Dufy on Poll-age of Letters in D°.

37 Geo:IIL 8 0 Decenibri 185

jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Sixty Pounds per , Refo/ved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, Cha-ging Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- VLette used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, fromajesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance in England; Melasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called of every. Single Letter, conveyed or carried by the &c-Scotland. Post, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick

n Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon Tweed, for any Distance above Fifteen Miles, and

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- not exceeding Thirty Miles, from the Office where jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Seventy-two such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of Letter shall be delivered, the Sum of Four Pence, every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low for every Double Letter Eight Pence, for every Treble Wines, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Ma- Letter One Shilling, and for every Ounce in Weight terials (except Melasses or Sugar) in that Part of One Shilling and Four Pence, and so in Proportion Great Britain called Scotland. for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, than an Ounce. ..

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Thirty-six Pounds That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still jesty, there be charged for the Fort and Conveyance

used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from of every Single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, in that Part Post, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that upon Tweed, for any Distance above Thirty Miles, and Part of Great Britain called Scotland. not exceedingSixty Miles, from the Office where such Let-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter shall 'Phat, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- be delivered, the Sum of Five Pence, for every Double jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Thirty-six Pounds Letter Ten Pence, for every Treble Letter One Shil-per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still ling and Three Pence, and for ever}' Ounce in Weight used in rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part One Shilling and Eight Pence, and so in Proportion of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight Part of Great Britain called Scotland. than an Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D -That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Annual Duty of Sixty Pounds jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post, used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Melasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called Tweedfor any Distance above Sixty Miles, and not England, to be expqrted to that Part of Great Britain exceeding One hundred Miles, from the Office where called Scotland-. such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Letter shall be delivered, the Sum of Six Pence, for That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- every Double Letter One Shilling, for every Treble jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Seventy-two Letter One Shilling and Six Pence, and for every Ounce Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of in Weight Two Shillings, and so in Proportion for every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an W ines, from Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Ounce.

Sugar) in that Part of Great Britain called England, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Scoiland. jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Four Pounds per Tweed, for any Distance above One hundred Miles,

Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still and not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Miles, from used for distilling Worts, Wash, or Low M ines, in the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the the Highlands of that Part of Great Britain called Office where such Letter shall be delivered; the Sum Scotland. of Seven Pence, for every Double Letter One Shilling

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Two Pence, for ever}'Treble Letter One Shilling That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- and Nine Pence, and for ever}' Ounce in Weight Two jesty, an additional Annual Duty of Thirty-six Pounds Shillings and Four Pence, and so in Proportion for per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of all Stills every other Letter or Packet of greater MAeight than used for rectifying or compounding Spirits, in that an Ounce.

Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D.

; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That the several Hates of Postage, now payable for jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, of ever}' Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon within England, Wales, anti the Town of Berwick upon Tioeed, do cease and determine. Tweed, for any Distance above One hundred and Fifty

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- in, to the Office where such Letter shall be delivered, jesty, there be charged for the Port or Conveyance of the Sum of Eight Pence, for every Double Letter One every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post, Shilling and Four Pence, for every Treble Letter Two within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Shillings, and for every Ounce in Weight Two Shillings Tweed, for any Distance not exceeding Fifteen mea- and Eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every other sured Miles from the Office where such Letter may Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce. l)e put in, to the Office where such Letter shall be de- Resolved-, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, f)uty on Port-Jivered, the Sum of Three Pence, for every Double That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- f|es°gt'5 tr *

I otter Six Pence, for every'Preble Letter Nine Pence, jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance 4

and for every Ounce in Weight One Shilling, and lo of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post, in Proportion lor every other Letter or Packet of within that Part of Britain called Scotland, in

greater Weight than an Ounce. Addition to the lfates of Postage now payable, the

V ojl. 5a. 3 H Sum

ftifcontinuing the Rites ot PoiH e between London and Portugal or America *

Charging a J)ut> on Poll-age ./Letters to and from Portugal.

D° on D3, to and from the British Dominions in America.

Inland Poll-age on Portugal and American Letters.

Additional Duties on certain Aliened Taxes,

186 8° Decembris. A. 1796.

Sum of One Penny, for every Double Letter Two Day of April 1797, under, or by virtue of, any Act or Pence, for every Treble Letter Three Pence, and for Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, that is to every Ounce in Weight Four Pence, and so in Pro- say, one Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the portion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Weight than an Ounce. " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses;

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horles uled That the several Rates of Postage now payable for the " in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Conveyance of Letters and Packets from and to Lon- " Duty of Excite is made payable," and one other don, to and from Portugal, and from and to London, to Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of and from the British Dominions in America, do cease His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting and determine " to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties

RsJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, and That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- " for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance " Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as of every Single Letter passing from any Part of the " relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Kingdom of Great Britain to Lijbott, or to any other " W'heels, therein mentioned," for, or in respect of,

Port in the Kingdom of Portugal, and iromLifbon, or. the several Rates and Duties on Horses kept for the any such Port, into Great Britain, exclusive of the In- Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any land Rate of Postage charged thereon, the Sum of One Carriage in the said Acts respectively mentioned; one Shilling, for every Double Letter Two Shillings, for other Act, passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, every Treble Letter Three Shillings, and for every intitujed, " An Act for granting to His Majesty, new Ounce in Weight Four Shillings, and so in Proportion " Duties on certain Hortes not charged with Duty by for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than " any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules," an Ounce. one other Act, passed in the same Session of Parlia-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- " several additional Duties on Horses, kept for the jesty, there be charged for the Port and Conveyance " Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages of every Single Letter passing from any Part of the " therein mentioned," and one other Act, passed in Kingdom of Great Britain, to any Port within the British the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Dominions in America, and from any such Port into " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs,"

Great Britain, exclusive of the Inland Duty of Postage for, or in respect of, the several Rates and Duties charged thereon, the Sum of One Shilling, for every thereby respectively granted, a further additional Rate Double Letter Two Shillings, for every Treble Letter or Duty shall be charged, after the Rate of Ten Pounds Three Shillings, and for every Ounce in Weight Four for every Hundred Pounds, of the Gross Amount thereof Shillings, and so in Proportion for every other Letter in such AssessVnent.

or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce. ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- 0< sbcon(Q, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for and upon all Goods, Wares, ianyd Naviga-, jesty, there be charged on ,aii Letters and Packets Merchandize, and Things whatever conveyed upon any u°«-palfing to or from Portugal, from or to Great Britain, River, Cut, Canal, or other Inland Navigation in Great and to or from the British Dominions in America, from Britain, in respect whereof any Toll, Rate, or Duty, or to Great Britain, the Inland Rate of Postage, ac- shall be collected and received by any Person or Per-cording to the Distance such Letters and Packets shall fons. Company or Corporation, by virtue of any Act be conveyed within Great Britain. or Acts of Parliament, now in Force, or hereafter to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be made, a Duty equal to One Eighth Part of such Toll,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Rate, or Duty, and in Addition to the fame, to be paid jesty, upon every Assessment to be made after the 5th by the respective Persons to whom such Toll, Rate, or Day of April 1797, under, or by virtue of, any Act or Duty, may be respectively payable.

Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, that is to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty onstage say, an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for jesty, there be charged for every Coach, Berlin, Lanrepealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting dau, Chariot, Calalh, or other Carriage with Four " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and Wheels, and every Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Caralso several Duties on Inhabited Houses, and upon riage with Two Wheels, by what Name soever the " the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for same now is, or hereafter shall be, called or known,

" repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon," one to be employed as Public Stage Coaches, or Carriages, other Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of conveying Paftbngers for Hire, to intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty new and from different. Places in the Kingdom of Great " Duties on certain Horles not charged with Duty by Britain, an additional Duty of One Penny for every " any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules," Mile such Carriage shall travel, to be paid by the Owner one other Act', passed in the same Session of Parliament, or Owners thereof.

intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty fe- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Reveral additional Duties on Horles, kept for the Pur- That every Common Carrier, or other Person, carryposes of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein ing Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things for by Liulcbrmentioned," and one other Act, passed in the same Hire, by Land Carriage, from Place to Piace in Great Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Britain,shall give a Receipt for every Parcel, or Package,

" to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs," for, or in delivered to them respectively, to be conveyed by such respect of, the several Rates and Duties thereby Carriage for Hire; and that, upon every such Receipt, granted, under the Management of the Commissioners there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Pence, for the Affairs of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons delivering such shall be charged, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for Parcels or Packages.

every' Hundred Pounds, of the Gross Amount thereof A Motion was made, and the Question being proin such Assessment. poled. That the said Resolutions be now read a Second

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time;

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- The House was moved. That His Majesty's most jesty, uponevesy Assessment to be made after the 5th Gracious Message to this House, of the 8th Day of *

Account of Revenue of Post OHicr, to be printed.

Account of Net Income of Pod OlHce, ordered.

X-eave ojf Ableucfc.

37 Geo. III.

8° — 90 Detembris.

iSf

u

December, in the last Session of Parliament; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses " and Purposes therein mentioned," might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Word " Tomorrow."

And the Question being proposed, That the Word now" Itand Part of the Question;

The House was moved. That His Majesty's most Gracious Melfage to this House, of the 28th Day of April 1794, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question beingput, That the Word " now" Itand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

"» «, I S' aSftZg } ' +

u

Venerisj g° die Decembrts;

Anno 370 Georgii III11 Regis; 1796:

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Crewe have Leave to go into

the Country for Six W eeks, on his private Affairs. At>lence Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr; Edward Coke have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyatt have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Refo/ved, the House next.

That this this Day,

House will, adjourn till

at the Riling _ of Houserefolve *

Monday Morning »adioum to J ° Monday.

Tellers fot the Noes,

C Air. Michael Angelo j , j Taylor, f 5 (. Mr. Cunven: )

London

Docks, &c.

Bill, pre-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time.

The Fifty-one first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question1 severally put thereupon; agrbed to by the House.

The Fifty-second Resolution of the Committee; being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the Resolutions which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr, Chancellor

Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and rented. Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rouds Petition, reported.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, Maddey, &c. to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in, and by virtue of, the several Acts thereafter let forth, and of the Creditors on the Roads therein mentioned, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Two Acts, passed ,in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of

of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins,'the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widen-

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. At torney General, Mn Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Gross Produce of the Revenue of the Polling, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Buck's Head at WatlingStreet, to , and the

New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Poll, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of were read: And,

Mr. John Pritchard being examined, said; That the

Office, for Four Years, to 5th April 1796, be printed, Trustees appointed by the said Acts have made great

as shall be the House *

sufficient for the Use of the Members of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Income of the Poll Office, for the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke IVyudham have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Edward have Leave to

go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

Vol. 52.

Progress in the Execution thereof, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, no- the said Roads sufficiently widened, amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term anti Powers of the said Acts are continued, altered, enlarged, amended, and rendered more effectual.

And the Witness further laid. That if the said Turnpike Roads were extended, by making a new Branch of Road in Addition to,- and to communicate therewith, and to lead out of the same at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Ma in the said County of Salop, and from thence through the several Panlhes of Madder, Sutton, Bladdock, and Stockton, in the said

County, to join the present Turnpike Road, at or near the End of a Lane leading out of the said Roads to the Village of Norton, in the said Parish of Stockton, and if the said new Branch of Road and the said present Turnpike Roads were lb made to communicate, and were united, and put under the Care and Management

188

9° Decembris. A. 1796.

ment of the same Trustees, and the Tolls to be taken on all the said Roads were made One consolidated Fund for Pdyment of the Monies borrowed, and which may be borrowed, on the Credit thereof, with Interest for the fame, it would not only tend to the Advancement of th£ Tolls, and the Benefit of all the said Roads, but would the sooner enable the Trustees to make the said intended new Branch of Road, and to widen, amend, and keep the fame, and the said other Turnpike Roads, in Repair, and would also be of great Public Utility, by opening a much nearer and more easy Communication between the great trading and populous Towns of Shrewsbury Coalbrook ley, Brofeleyt Benthall, Dudley, and Birmingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from The Buck's Head, at Wailing Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for setting out and making a new Branch of Road from the present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Madeley,to communicate with the said Turnpike Road at or near the End of a Lane leading to the Village of Norton, in the Parish of Stockton, in the said County: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Forester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dudley Ca- An ingrafted Bill to enable the Company of Pro-

"aTed'1, prietors of the Dudley Canal, to raise a further Sum of

p ‘e ‘ Money for completing the said Candl, and for amend-

ing the several Acts relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Proprietor who shall be in Arrear in Payment of Money on any Call, shall be entitled to vote at a public Meeting.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation, and for amending the several Acts relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chichefhr Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to

presented" Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, paded in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening le-veral lloads in the County of so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, at the North End of Farnhurst Lane, through to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prlftol Roads Petition, reported.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing several " Roads round the City of Brifol," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; 'and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And;

Jeremiah OJborn, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money, together with a large Arrear of Interest, still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly and sufficiently amended; hnproved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and some additional Tolls granted; and it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be altered and amended.

And the Witness further said, That the making of a new Road from a certain Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Three Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfic/d Common Road, to a certain Lane called Saint George's Lane, leading into the Bitten and Toghill Common Road, will be attended with great Convenience and Advantage to all Persons rcliding in the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be; given to bring in a Bill, for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for making and repairing several Roads " round the City of Brxjloland for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate-, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangots-field Common Road, into the Bitton and Toghill Common Road: And that Mr. Bragge and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed Ipswich Pay for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty- U1s Peti,ion‘ third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and -have expended a considerable Sum of Money in carrying on the several Works aforesaid, for improving the said Town, and great Progress hath been made therein, but they find the Money, they are authorized to raise and borrow by virtue of the said Act, is infus-ficient to defray the Expence of finishing and completing the said Works, and that, in order to enable the Petitioners effectually to carry the Intention of the said Act into Execution, it is necessary to empower them to raise a further Sum of Money, and also to make some Amendments and Alterations in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize them to raise l'uch further Sum of Money as shall be furficient to defray the Expence of carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, and to alter and amend the said Act, in l'uch Manner as to the House shall appear most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr. Smith,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Paget have Leave to go into L veof the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Bastard have Leave to stay in the Country' for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Order cd.

37 Geo. III.

90 Decembr.

189

Accounts, &c. to be printed. Navy, &c. Bilis.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the le-veral Accounts, which were presented to the House upon IVedntfday last by Mr. Hartwell, from the Navy Office, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Filimate of OrdSred, That such a Number of Copies of the Efti-Navy Debt. mate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 30th November 1796, as far as the same can be ascertained without the usual Documents from the Out Ports, which are only made up at Michaelmas and in each Year, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Anjon have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Mr Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Report made by the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on the Subject of the several Plans referred to them, " for providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of " the Port of London."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Pupep do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Leave of Absence.

Report of Culloms, relative to the Port of London, p relented.

leave of Absence.

Report on Trent and Mersey Canal Reservoir, &c. Bill, further considered.

Ordered, That Mr. Green have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

A<fr, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act for rendering " effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the " Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, rdpefting " the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said " Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have " adlcd in consequence of such Orders;'' and also of another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make " further Provision respetting Ships and Effects come " into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twentyfirst Days of January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five; and to provide for the Dilposal of " other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into,

" the Ports of this Kingdom;" and all'o, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify all Persons who have acted in " consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the " Twenty-second Day of November One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and " to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council, for " the like Purpose, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Corpmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. , -

Mr. Hobart_ reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receiys the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- rePort? ‘ mittee, That he was diredleT by the Cogimittee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill

eave be given to bring in a to continue several Acts, made Ji\ J:he Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Mer-further Consideration the Report which was made from 1 1 'T ' ' "

Committee on Acts respecting Dutch Property, See,

the Committee, to whom the B.: co enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their laid Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said Canals with Water, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j,) 2g.

(Mr. Ojuorn: J

Tellers for the Noes, { y|r‘ |

I Mr. h ilnam Dundas: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being levcrally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Vol. 52.

Bill ordered.

93 *

chandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Tifne to be limited-

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited;

And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Bill for railing der, a Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions Annuities, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; presented. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Exciseaddl-a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties BdTpre- of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, fented. British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timp.

Ordered, That the said Bill Be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of Rriiifhmade Spirits from England to,

and from Scotland to England:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scotch Dif-tiP '-y Bill, presented.

3 c

Ordered'

Custoro additional Duties Bill, predated.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Muntz sworn.

Petitions in favour of Norfolk Assizes Bill.

I>eonunfter Hoads Petition.

- 6 , 6

190 9 —

Ordered, That the Laid Bill be read a Second 'time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House according to Carder a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported: And the faitoe was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will} upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,12 dieDecembris 5 Anfto 37 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1796 Praters.

pHilipFrederick Muntz took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes, for the County of Norfolk, at the Castle of Norwich: And praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for holding the Assizes and General Gaol Delivery for the said City of Norwich, and County of the fame. Twice in the Year, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Trustees, for putting in Execution divers Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading - into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and also of several Inhabitants of the said Town of Leominster, and of the said County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said several Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a conffderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and that the said Tolls and Money so borrowed, have been applied towards amending the said Roads, and the several other Purposes of the said

iDccembris. . 1796.

Acts; but that the said Roads cannot be effeduitlly amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid be paid off, unless the Tolls are increased, and some other Amendments made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the said Tolls, and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Appear to them, to the House1.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. John Pitt, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber > and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from The Buck's Head, at Watling Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for setting out and making a new Branch of Road from the present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Madeley, to communicate with the said Turnpike Road at or near the End of a Lane leading to the Village of in the Parish

of Stockton, in the said County: And the farhe was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William , with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,intituled, "An Act for augmenting the

" Number of Canons Relidentiary in the Cathedral " Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry " and Prebends of the said Cathedral," to make further Provision for the Canons Relidentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Wvnand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Adriaen de Gruyter

Vink.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Watling Street and Madeley Roads Bill, presented.

The Lord; have- pailed,

Bright' W vofee Bill.

Litchfield fcr~ nons Residentiary, See- Bill, reported.

Vink's Nat. Bill, paiicd.

37 Geo. III.

12° Decem

i9t

Bright's Divorce Bill, read.

Saint Breock imd Bodmin Canal Bill, committed *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah informed the House,

Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry That it appeared to the said Selcft Committee, That again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was the Merits of the Petition did in Part depend upon the read the First Time. Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Com-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. mittee required the Counsel for the several, Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they re -Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, spectively contended, under the last Determination in

Weston Zoy-land Inclosuflir Bill, passed.

Bristol Roads Bill, present ed.

in the County of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood,to, or near to, Ruthern

Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Lemon, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures within the Parish of Weston Zoyland ,in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures within the Parish of Wefon Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinfoti, Senior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge prefeated to the Home, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled " An Act for making and repairing

" several Roads round the City of Bcij.oL"and for making, and keeping in Repair a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Staple- fel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee ton and Mangot-sfield Common Road nmo the Bitton and have determined,

1702. '

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state. That the " Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament " for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of " merfet, is only in the Two Capital Bailiffs, commonly " called Reigning Bailiffs, appointed for the Year, and " their Deputies, in the Two Commonalty Stewards, " and in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Sir Robert Ainfie, Knight, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Member state,'That " the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the " County of Somerset, is only in the Capital Bailiffs, and " their Deputies, the Number of Capital Bailiffs being " Nine, and their Deputies being Two, in the Commonalty Stewards, their Number being Two, and in the Inhabitants thereof paying Scotland Lot."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said. Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Milborne Port.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Coun-

Southill Inclosure Petition,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Milborne Port.

That the said Selcft Committee have also determined,

That Sir Robert Ainfie, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Hyde and John

Mattheivs, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of iitioners he inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, merfet, did not appear to the said Select Committee to and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Im- be frivolous or vexatious:

Toghill Common Road: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Pe-

provement, and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and others, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Flights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Sir Robert Ainfie, Knight, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this Houset

Mr. Praed, from the Select Committee, who Were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- tition of Robert Esquire; and also, the Peti

Leominster Election, de t ermine d.

leave of Absence.

Milborne Port Election determined.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. OJtcrn, and Mr. St. John, do prepare, and bring in, the iiune.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Sir Cecil Bisfiopp, from the Select Committee, who

tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominfer, in the County of Hereford, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Augufus Esquire, is duly elected

were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Petition of Thomas Hyde and John Matthews,on Behalf Borough of Leominfer, in the County of Hereford: of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of And also, That the said Select Committee have de-Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, complaining termined,

Vol. 52. That

192

i z° becembris.

A. 1796.

That the Petition of the said Robert , En-

quire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also> That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petition oF the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of , did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee haVc determined,

That the Opposition of the said George

Pollen, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Church, from Poit office, the General Poll Office, attended at the Door; he was

presented. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross Net Produce and Charges of Management of the Revenue of the Poll Office, for Three Years, to £th April 1795, and One Year's Gross Produce, by Estimate, to 5th 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Dickins have Leave to go into the fence. Country for a Fortnight, on Public Business.

Bill for railing A Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by

uuitie coni-" Way of Annuities, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

mitted *

Excise additional Duties Bill, committed.

ScstchiDillil- A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi-

mittS.U, COm" tl0na Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

u 7n.a <Ji" A for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported

into, exported from, or brought hnd earned Ccaftwife, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Demand, or Settlement, of the Territories subject to the Presidency of Fort William, as now permanently settled, and of Balances due at the Time of making the fixed Settlement, with the actual Collections of each subsequent Year, and the Balances now due, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Lands under the Presidency of Fort,

fold in Satisfaction of Balances of Revenue, in each Year, since the Adoption of the Plan of permanent Settlement, specifying the Districts in which such Lands lie, the Names by which such Lands are usually described, with that of the Proprietor, the Annual Amount of its fixed Revenue, the Amount of the Balance in Sat isfaction of which the Land is fold, and the Sum for which they respectively have been fold, as far as the same can be rftade up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the pecuniary Aids granted by Parliament to the East India Company, whether in the Form of Remissions of Duties, Perrtiiffion to raise Principal Or other Monies, or by Commutation, or whatever other Means, since the Year 1772.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an estimated Account of the increased Expences in the Military Department in India, in consequence of the new Arrangement.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of flis present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the ilfuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Dundasacquainted the House, That

he had a Meiiage from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented t he same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty is concerned to acquaint the House of Commons, that His Endeavours to preserve Peace with Spain, and to adjust all Matters in Discussion with that Court, by an amicable Negotiation, have been rendered ineffectual, by an abrupt and Unprovoked Declaration of War on the Part of the Catholic King.

His Majesty, at the same Time that :He lincerely laments this Addition to the Calamities of War, already extending over so great a Part of Europe, has the Satisfaction to reflect, that nothing has been omitted on His Part, which could contribute to the Maintenance of Peace, on Grounds confident with the Honour of His Crown, and the Interests of His Dominions.

And He trusts, that, under the Protection of Divine Providence, the Firmncls and WilUom of His Parliament

Fail India Accounts, ordered.

Neutral chi ps Bill,printed.

King's Mef-iage, respect ing a Declaration of War by bpam.

37 Geo III. t2° Decem 193

liament will enable Him effectually to repel this unprovoked Aggrefiion, and to afford to all Europe, an additional Proof of the Spirit and liefources of the British Nation.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Declaration Mr. Secretary Dundas prefehted to the House, by His Majesty's Command, tented. A Paper, intituled, " Declaration of War by the

" Court of Madrid against Great ."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as fqlloweth;

DECLARATION of War by the Court of Madrid against Great Britain.

One of the principal Motives which determined me to make Peace with the French Republic, as soon as its Government began to take a regular and solid Form, was the Conduct which England had observed towards me during the whole Course of the War, and the just Distrust which the Experience of Her ill Faith ought to occasion on my Part for the future. This ill Faith became manifest in the most critical Moment of the First Campaign, from the Manner in which Admiral Lord Hood treated my Fleet at Toulon, where he attended to nothing but the Destruction of what he could not carry away with him, and from hispresently after taking Possession of which Expedition

that Admiral concealed with the greatest Care from Don Juan de Langara, when they were together at 1 Toulon. The English Ministry afterwards confirmed the fame, from their Silence in all their Negotiations with other Powers, especially by the Treaty which was signed, the 19th November 1794, with the United States of America, without any Respect or Consideration for my Rights, which were well known to them: I noticed also that ill Faith in their Repugnance to adopt the Plans and ideas w'hich might accelerate the Conclusion of the War, and in the vague Answer Lord Grenville gave to my Amballador, the Marquis Del , when he applied for Succours to continue it: I was finally confirmed in that Opinion, by the Injustice with which they appropriated to themselves the valuable Cargo of the Spanijk re-captured Ship St. or , which they ought to have restored, according to the Agreement between my First Secretary of State, and of the DeJ'pacho the Prince De la Paz and Lord Saint Helens, His Britannic Majesty's Ambassador, and by the Detention of the Naval Stores coming for the Use of my Arsenals, on board Dutch Vessels, the forwarding of which w'as delayed under fresh Pretexts and Difficulties. Lastly, I had no Doubt left of the ill Faith in the Condmit of England, from the frequent Arrival of English Veil els on the Coast of Peru and to carry on a contraband Trade, and reconnoitre those Coasts, under the Pretext of the Whale Fishery, a Privilege they claimed by the Nootka Convention. Such, were the Proceedings of the English Ministry to prove the Friend-Ih ip, good. Understanding, and ft net Confidence which they had offered to observe with in all the Ope-

rations of the War, by virtue of the Convention of the 25th of May 1793. Since Peace wras concluded with the French Republic, I have not only had the best grounded Motives to suppose England harboured an Intention to attack my American Possessions, but I have received direeft Injuries, which have confirmed to me the Resolution formed by that Ministry, to oblige me to adopt a Part contrary to the Good of Humanity, torn to Pieces by the bloody War which is annihilating Vo ,. 52.

Europe, and contrary to the sincere Deftrc I have ma- .

.nifefted on repeated Occasions to put an End to it, by Means of Peace, proposing my good Offices to accelerate its Conclusion. England has in Fact fliewcd openly her View's against my Dominions, by the great Expeditions and Armaments lent to the Indies, dellined in part against St.Domingo, in order to impede its Delivery to France, as is evident from thfe Proclamations of the English Generals irt that Island, by the Establishment of trading Companies in North America, on the Banks of the River Mifouri, with an Intention to penetrate through those Regions to the South Sea; and lastly, by the Conquest she has just made on the Continent of South America, of the Colony and River of Demerari, belonging to the Dutch, which advantageous Situation puts her in the Way to occupy other important Points: But her View's have been still more hof-tilely and more clearly shewn, by her repeated Insults to my Flag, and by the Violence committed in the Mediterranean, by her Ships of War, in taking out of different Spanifi Vessels, the Recruits for my Armies, who were coming from Genoa to; by the

Atfts of Piracy and Vexation, by which the Corsican Privateers, protected by the Eng Government in the Island, destroy the Spanifi Trade in the Mediterranean, even within the Bays of the Coast of,

and by the Detention of several Spanish Vessels laden with Spanish Property, w'hich have been carried into the English Ports, under frivolous Pretexts, especially by the Embargo of the rich Cargo of the Spanish Ship Minerva, executed with Outrage to the Spanish Flag, and still detained in Spite of the most authentic Documents, shewing the said Cargo to be Spanifi Property, having been presented in the proper Court j the Offence has not been less grievous, which has been offered to the Character of my Ambassador Don Simon de las Casas, by One of the Courts of Law in London, u'hich ordered him to be arrested on the Ground of a Demand made by a Mailer of a Vessel, for a very small Sum of Money: And lastly, it has been no longer possible to tolerate the enormous Violations of the Spdnijk Territory on the Coasts of Alicant and Galicia, committed by the Brigs of the English Navy, the Cameleon and Kangurroo; and that which took place at the Island of Trinadad,was still more scandalous and insolent,

when Captain Vaughan, Commander of the Alarm Frigate, landed with Colours flying and Drums beating, at the Head of his whole Ship's Company, armed to attack the French, and revenge Injuries, which he said he had received, thus disturbing, by a Proceeding so offensive to my Sovereignty, the Tranquillity of the Inhabitants of that Island. By such reiterated and unheard of Insults, that ambitious Nation has repeated to the World, the Examples of her knowing no other Law' than that of the Aggrandizement of her Trade, by Means of an univerial Defpotism by Sea. She has gone beyond the Bounds of my Moderation and Forbearance, and obliges me, in order to support the Honour of my Crou-n, and to attend to the Protection I owe my Subjects, to declare War against the King of England, His Kingdoms and Subjects, and to command that such corresponding Orders betfent to all Parts of my Dominions, as may be best calculated for the Defence of my beloved Subjects, and for the Annoyance of the Enemy.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Sta e Coache a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches: And the same was received; and presented.' read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

3 D Ordered,

v

Committee appointed to prepare Militia Estimate.

Southwark Election Petition, deterred.

Call, deferred.

Account of Interest paid on Loan to the Emperor, ordered.

Address for Copies of Acts for Regulation of Naves.

Trent and Mersey Canal) Relervoir, Scc. Bill, passed.

I94 12° — 13° becembris. .1796.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1797 i

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

The Hoilfe was moved, That the Order, made upon the 29th Day of November last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire-, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made,' and the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went Forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ Mr‘ tellers for the Yeas,| Mn wmUm

rp „ c . v.tv (Mr.

1 ellers for the Noes, j < '

93-

60.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Friday next at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, h certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Ca/Jon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and all'o a Relervoir for supplying the several Canals of the said Company with Water.

Ordered, That Major General do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe have Leave to go into Lave of Abv the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. knee.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the lic *

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply,de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the <e-rcd. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over upon Friday next}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas,} - ,

( Mr. Michael Angelo

Tellers for the Noes > Taylor,

( Mr. St. John:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Sums have been paid for Interest on Account of the Loan to the Emperor in the last Year, and in what Manner, specifying the Times when such Payments were made.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there he laid before this House, Copies of the several Acts for the Regulation of Slaves, which have been transmitted from any of His Majesty's Colonies in the IVef Indies, for the Approbation of His Majesty, since the Year 1788.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented t His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their laitl Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, witlnn the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and all'o a Reservoir for l'upplying the said Canals with Water, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of *

Mart is > 130 die Decembris\

Anno 37" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

m

R. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Milbrooke _ whom the Petition of the Minister, Church-wardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, was referred}

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it , in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Ridding, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, and Diocese of Winchester,is a very ancient , Structure, and is in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and not large enough for the Parishioners to assemble therein to hear Divine Service, and that it is necessary that the said Church should be taken down and re-built} and that the present Burying Ground or Church Yard is too small for the Use of the said Parish: That the Petitioners have agreed with Sir Charles Mill, Baronet, and his Undertenant, for a Piece or Parcel of Ground more convenient to re-build the said Church on, and which will also furnish an additional Piece of Ground for a Bi)-rying Place for the said Parish} and that it will be necessary for carrying the Purpol'es aforesaid into Execution, to raise a Sum of Money, which cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish: And that Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Litchfield passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty tailed.

137 Geo. III. i % ° D. 195

Majesty Queen June, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the " Cathedral Church of and for improving

" the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral," to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An A<fl to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled " An Act foraugment- ing the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the " Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich and Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom shamVoad" the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-ftll.reported. pair, the Road from Magdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn in North IValsham, in the County of Norjoik, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolied.

Norfolk Affae The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill,deferred, the 5th Day of this Instant December, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Castle of Norwich, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 15th Day of February next.

High-hm in Mr. Gore Langion reported from the Committee, to reported.' whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of High-ham, in the County of Somerset, and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish of High-ham, and" partly within the Parish of Huish in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the . Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee {except the Owners of 5 Common Rights and 66 Acres of Land in the Common Arable Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is 135, and of Acres in the Common Arable Fields 1,017, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Vol. £2.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Haddenham, whom the Petition of tlft Noblemen, and the humble &c. Drainage Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are K‘

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within dtnkamLevel, in the Ifie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was relerred; That the Committee had examin ;d, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with (except that the Person, who prepared the Notice to be affixed on the Church Doors for the intended Application to Parliament, stated therein, that the Act, proposed to be amended, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, instead of the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty, which was occasioned by its being mentioned in the Title Page of the said Act that the Parliament met in the Ninth Year of the said Reign, and that the Act, intended to be described, is the only one that was pulled for draining or improving the said Level); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appears, that by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual draining and Preservation of HaddenhamLevel, in the Ifie certain

Commissioners therein named were empowered to rate, tax, and charge, all the Owners and Occupiers of certain Fens and Low Grounds, lying in Sutton, Haddenham,

Wilburton, Stretham , and Wentworth, within the Ifie of Ely, and County of Cambridge, containing Six thousand and Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, with certain Rates and Taxes therein specified, and to make such Cuts, Drains, Dams, and Outlets, and erect such Works and Engines, for draining and conveying the Waters from the said Fens and Low Grounds, as they should think fit, and to assign over the said Rates and Taxes as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed for making and erecting such Works of Drainage: And,

Mr. William Waudby being examined, said, That the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the said Fens and Low Grounds, and have assignecl over the said Rates and Taxes for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the intereil thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due.

And the Witness further said. That the said Fens and Low Grounds may be further greatly improved, if additional Works of Drainage were made therein; but the said Rates and Taxes are insufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for making and supporting the said Works; and that the Powers granted by the said Act have been found insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Fens and Low Grounds.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Church Doors of Sutton,

Haddenham, Wilburton, Stretham, Wentworth, and Thet-ford, in the Ifie of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Three Sundays in the Month of January 1797, of the Application to Parliament fora Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act.

Ordered,

leave of At)« fence.

Petition from the Shad well Water Works Comuany against London Docks,

&c. Bill.

Leave of Able nee.

Moreton (.'orbtt, Sec. Inclosurt Petition.

196 130 Decembris. . 1796.

Ordered, That Mr. Le-vefon have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.-

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. White Thomas have Ixave to go into the Country fora Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

A Petition of the Governor and Conipany of the Wa ter Works and Water Housesin was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain Water Works and Water Houses established in the Parish of Pan/, Shadzvell, in the County of which Works

have been carried on under the Authority of an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to the present Time, and the said Parish, and several other neighbouring Pari flics, have been supplied with Water from the said Works by Means of Engines, Pipes, and Cillerns, erected and laid for the Passage and Conveyance of it, to the great Accommodation of the Inhabitants in the said Parishes, arid at the great Expence and Kiik of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and that thfc laid Works have been found to be of great Public Utility, upon the Success whereof depends the Health and Comfort of many Thousands of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, &c. and for other Purposes, in the said Parish of Shudveeff and other Parishes adjoining thereto, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much injured in their Property, their Works destroyed, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of their Comforts, and be put to the greatest Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir Frederick Lem an Rogers have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Townfiiips of Moreton Corbet, Preston BrockiutrJ}, Acton Reynold, S/unvbnrv, High Hatton, Hopt on, Hopley, Edge bolt on. Boo ley, and Besford, in the several Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Shave bury, Stanton upon Him Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop,- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said several Town-ships, several Commons or Waste Lands, containing in the Whole 2,050 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and afford very little Advantage to the several Persons interfiled therein, but, if the same were'divided and allotted to and amonoft: the

O

several Persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, according to their respective Rights, and Inch Allotments inclosed, it would be gfeatiy to the Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Wallc Lands, in

such Manner, and under such Regulations and Refcric-tions, as to the House Hull ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cotes, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Kyna/loU, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Number of Letters and Packets sent or received, free from the Duty of Postage, from the 5th of April 1796 — and also the Members and the States Amount, as tar as the same can be made out.

Ordered, That Mr. Brooke have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a BiJi for altering certain Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and lrom Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the Brhish Colonies in America, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ref 1/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to continue several A efts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the iliuing of Orders in Council for that Piapose, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dvndas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Answer to the Declaration of " War of the Court of Madrid against Great Britain."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

ANSWER to the Declaration of War of the Court of Madrid against Great Britain.

The open and undisguised Aggrefiions of Spain, the Violences committed against the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and the unprovoked Declaration of War on the Part of that Power, have at length obliged His Majesty to take the necessary Measures for repelling Force by Force, and for vindicating the Dignity of His Crown, and the Rights and Interests of His People.

At the Moment of adopting these Measures, His Majesty thinks it due to Himfeif to remove every Shade of Doubt which could be thrown on the indisputable Justice of His Cause; and it will be ealily proved, from the very Rcalons adduced by the Court of Madrid in Support of its Declaration of War, that all the Calamities, which may ensue from it, are solely to be attributed to the Conduct of His Enemies.

A simple Reference to that Declaration, and a bare Enumeration of the vague and frivolous Charges which it contains, would indeed be fuliicient to la-tisfy all reasonable and impartial Minds, that no Part of the Conduct of Great Britain towards Spain has afforded the smallest Ground of Complaint, much lei's any Motive sufficiently powerful for adding to the present Calamities of Europe all the Evils of a new and complicated War.

The only Difficulty of a more detailed Reply, arises

not

Account Letter and Packets free from Poitage ordered.

Leave of Ab« lence.

Bill for alter ing Rates of Pouare, pie lcnted.

Neutral Sliipj Bill, committed.

Answer to the Du 1 iration of War by Spain pre-lcnted.

B.

A,:v

Lf > .

ha,;

orc:;:':

N'-rv-

> ft.

S A:>

irj£.

37 Geo. III. 13' Decemhris.

197

not from the Strength and Importance of the Complaints alledged, but from their Weakness and Futility, from the confuted and unintelligible Shape in which they are brought forward, and from the Impoffibility of referring them to any established Principle or Rule of Justice, to any uiual Form or Topic of Complaint between independent Governments, or to any of those Motives which can alone create the painful Duty of an Appeal to Arms.

The Acts of Hostility, attributed to His Majesty in the Manifesto of Spain confill either of Matters perfectly innocent and indifferent in their Nature, or of imputed Opinions and Intentions, of which no Proof is adduced, nor any Elf:ft alledged; or lastly, of Complaints of the Misconduct of unauthorized Individuals, respecting all which His Majesty has never failed to institute Enquiry where Enquiry W'as necessary, and to cause Justice to be done in the regular Courie of Judicial Proceedings. The very Nature of such Complaints, affords a sufficient Answer to the Conclusion attempted to be drawn from them by Spain y and Mis Majesty might have been well justified in declining all further Discussion, on Points on which it was manifest that no just: Motive of Hostility could be grounded/

wSuch, however, was not His Conduct. Anxious to avert from both Kingdoms the Calamities of War, Fie has repeatedly, but in vain, proposed to adjust, by amicable Discussion, all Points of Difference which could lubfivt between the Governments of two Nations, whole real Interests were the fame, and who had an equal Concern in opposing the Progress of a common Enemy.

This Discussion having been always studiously avoided by the Court of Madrid, it now remains only for His Majesty to vindicate, in this public Manner, His own Caule, and to prove the Futility of those Pretences by which that Court now fecks to colour its Aggressiom

The firffc Point brought forward to support an Accusation of ill Faith, is the Conduct of the Kind's

O

Admiral at Toulon, who is charged ,with having deft roved those Ships and Naval Stores of the Enemy which he could not carry away with him; and with having afterwards undertaken an Expedition to Corjica without the Knowledge or Participation of the Spanish Admiral. To an Accusation of such a Nature, alledged as a Ground for War between two great Nations, it can hardly be expected that a serious An-iwer should be given. It is, perhaps, the first Time that it has been imputed as a Crime, to one of the commanding Officers of two Powers acting in Alliance, and making common Cause in War, that he did more than his Proportion of Mischief to the common Enemy. And if it be really true that such a Sentiment was entertained at Madrid, certainly no other Justincation can be necessary for not inviting the Officers of that Court to join in subsequent Expeditions against the same Enemy. At all Events it cannot be pretended that a Co-operation between two Allies (however cordial and sincere) in any one particular Enterprize, could afterwards restrain either of them from undertaking separately any other, to which his own Force appeared in itfclfto be adequate.

The second In (lance of ill Faith attributed to His Majesty is, the Conclusion ot a Treaty of Amity and Commerce with the United States of America, a Power with whom both Great Britain and Spain were at Peace; with whom the King, as well as his Catholic Majesty, was perfectly free to contract any such Engagements; and with whom the Court of Madrid has actually concluded a similar Treaty, with this Difference only, that the Stipulations of the British Treaty can give no Ground of Offence or Injury to any other Power, while the Spanish Treaty contains an Article (that respecting the Navigation of the

Vol. 52.

Mississippi) which, if it could have any Force or Effect at all, would be on the Part of Spain a direct Breach ot Treaty with Great Britain, and a grols Violation of the important and unquestionable Rights of Elis Majesty and His People.

The same ill Faith is said to have been maniftfted in the Unwiliingness shewn by the British Government, to adopt the Plan proposed by Spain for haitening the ' Conclusion of the War with France (but what these Plans were it is not dated); and also in the omitting to comply with an Application made by Spain for pecuniary Succours, as necessary to enable her to act against the common Enemy. The Failure of such an Application cannot certainly be Matter of Surprile to any one who considers the Situation and Conduct of Spain during the War. It can hardly be alledged, even as an Excuse for the precipitate Peace concluded by Spain, without the Knowledge of her Allies; but it is difficult to conceive how such a Iiefuial can be made a Ground of Hostility towards Great Britain, or with what Conliftency the Inability of Spain to prosecute the former Contest, without pecuniary Aid from its Ally, can have become a Motive of engaging gratuitously in all the Expences and Difficulties of a new War against that very Power.

With regard to the Condemnation of the St. j'njo (a Prize taken from the Enemy by His Majesty's Naval Forces) His Majesty has only to reply to the injurious Assertions on that Subject in the Spanish Manifesto, that the Claims of all the Parties in that Cause were publicly heard and decided according to the known Law of Nations, and before the only competent Tribunal, one wRoie Impartiality is above all Suspicion.

The Conduct of H is Majesty respecting the Naval Stores which were claimed by Spain, though found on board Dutch Vessels, has been in like Manner exempt from all Blame; nor was any unnecessary Delay inter-poled respecting those Cargoes, till the equivocal Con-, dust of Spain, and the strong and just Suspicion of her hostile Dispositions, made it impossible for His Majesty to consent to supply her from the Ports of His Dominions with the Means of acting against Him-self.

The next Charge relates to the alledged Misconduct of some Merchant Ships, in landing their Crews on the Coasts of Chili and Peru, with the View of carrying on there an illicit Commerce, and of reconnoitering the Country. On this it is to be observed, that these Views are not attempted to be proved by any Fast whatever; that if any Act was, in Truth, committed by Individuals in those distant Territories, against the Laws of the Government established there, those Law's might have been enforced upon the Spot; and that the Court of London has always been open to receive and redreis all Complaints of that Nature; but that what is assigned in the Manifesto as a mere Cover and Pretext for Fraud, namely, the Exercise of the Whale Fishery by the English in those Parts, is not, as is there asserted, " a Right which " the English claim under the Convention of Nootka It is one which was not then for the tirft Time established, but lolemniy recognized by the Court of Madrid as having always belonged to Great Britain \ and the full and undisturbed Exercise of which was guaranteed to His Majesty s Subjects, in Terms so cx-press, as to admit of no Doubt, and in a Transaction so recent, that Ignorance of it cannot be pretended.

Such, it seems, w'ere the Offences of the British Government, and such the Jealoulies and Apprehensions of Spain, during the Time when the Courts of London and Madrid w'ere united in the Bonds of Alliance, and engaged in a common Cause , and it is on Motives as frivolous as these, that the Court of Madrid began to project an offensive Alliance with the King's Enemies, a Delign which it now proftffes to have entertained from the Moment when it ll-paraud itself

3 E from

h

1

I,

L-

198 130 Decembris. 17 9 6 .

from the common Cause; but which was long after that Period disguised under the moll positive and explicit Assurances of Neutrality.

It is insinuated, that the good Offices of his Catholic Mai eft y for bringing about a general Pacification, had been tendered to Great and had been

refused. What Degree of Impartiality could have been expected from such a Mediation, the Dispositions which Spain now avows herself to have entertained at that Period, fufliciently shew: His Majesty exercised His undoubted Right of judging for Him-self and for His People, how far a Negotiation, commenced under such Auspices, was likely to contribute to the Honour and Interests of His Dominions; and He now finds the Propriety of His Decision confirmed beyond a Doubt by the Conduct and Avowals of Spain.

It is next stated, that in the Prosecution of the War, in which Great Britain is engaged, her Views seem uniformly to have been directed to the Annoyance of the SpanijliPoflessions in America. In Support of this Accusation, are adduced an Expedition directed against Saint Domingo, the Conquest of the Dutch Colony of Demarara, and the supposed Establishment of British Commercial Companies on the Banks of the Mijj'ouri, formed with a View of penetrating to the South Sea.

This latter Point is one to which it is impossible to make a specific Answer, because the British Government has no Knowledge of any Fast to which it can refer; within the Spanish Territory the Span'tjh Government certainly possesses both the Right and the Power to prevent Individuals from trading; within the American Territory His Majesty's Subjects have, by Treaty, a Right to settle and to trade and they have also an express Right freely to navigate the Mijfif-

fippi, by which the Territories of Spain and of the United States are divided from each other: Unless, therefore, it can be Ihevvn, that the British Government has authorized any Settlement on the Territory, this Complaint can afford no Pretence Tor Hostility against His Majesty.

With regard to the Expedition against Saint

mingo, and to the Conquest of Demarara, it is impossible to refrain from remarking, that however highly the Rights of Neutral Nations ought to be respected, and whatever Delicacy His Majesty might be disposed to feel towards those of a Power, so lately His Ally, and not yet become His Enemy, it is a new and hitherto unheard of Claim of Neutrality, which is to be eixeumferibed by no Bounds, either of Time or Place, which extends equally beyond the Date and beyond the Limits of Possession, and is to attach not to the Territories of a Neutral Power itself, but to whatever may once have belonged to it, and to whatever may be situated in its Neighbourhood, although in the Possession of an actual Enemy.

The Subject, however, of Domingo deserves to be more particularly adverted to, because the Attempt on the Part of Spai to cede a Part of that Island to France, is a Breach of that solemn Treaty, under which alone the Crown of Spain holds any Part of its American Poflessions. 'The Conclusion of such an Article, without the Knowledge of an Ally so deeply concerned as Great Britain in that Stipulation, both in Right and Interest, was therefore an Act such as would have justified any Measures to which the Court of London could have Recourse; yet so earnest was the King's Desire to maintain Peace with Spain, that He repeatedly endeavoured to fix, by amicable Discussion with that Court, the Period when the Kight of Spain to the Territory so ceded w'as to cease, in order that any Operation, which it might become expedient for His Troops to undertake there, might be directed against the French alone; and although no Explanation could ever be obtained from the Court 2

of Madrid on this Subject, His Commanders on the Spot were restrained from acting, and did not aft against the Spanish Part of the Island, till the Cession actually took place, by which it became, as far as the Act of Spain could make it, a Part of the Territories of France,

To the Accusations which make up the greater Part of the Remainder of the Manifesto, respecting the Detention or Capture of Merchant Ships, or the Violations of Territory there mentioned, it is sufficient to reply, that in every same of such a Nature, which has been brought to the Knowledge of the Government, the most effectual Measures have been in-stantly taken for instituting Enquiry into the Particulars of the Tranlaction, for collecting the Proofs necessary to ascertain the Fast on which the Charge is founded, and for submitting the Whole to that regular Course of proceeding, in which Justice is to be rendered in these Cafes, according to the established Practice throughout Europe, and to the express Stipulations of the Treaties between Great Britain and Spain.

Amidst the wide and complicated Operations of Naval War, extended over every Quarter of the Globe, it is not improbable that some "Disorders and Irregularities may have taken place, which the utmost Vigilance of the Government could not immediately discover or repress; and that in the Exercise of the undoubted Right of a Power at War, to search out and to seize the Property of the Enemy, the Rights of Neutral Nations may, in some Inltances, have been unintentionally expoied to temporary Mo-leftation. The same Observation was not less applicable to Spain in her War with and the ihort

Interval that has elapft-d, lincc her Declaration against Great Britain, has amply shewn that limilar Complaints will arise from her Conduct in the present War.

The utmost that can be demanded, in such Cases, of a Power at War, is, that it lliould Ihevv itself ready on all Occasions to listen to the Rcmonftrances ami Reclamations of those whom it may have aggrieved, and prompt and expeditious in redressing their Injuries, and in restoring their Property: And to the Readiness of the British Government to fulfil these

Duties in every Cafe, where they have been called upon to do so, even Spain herself may lafely be called to bear Witness; nor would it be calv to cite a more striking Proof of the friendly Dispofuion of the King's Government, and of the particular Attention manifested towards the Rights and interests of Spain, than arises from an impartial Examination of the Detail of what has passed on this Subject; it will be found, that the Causes of Complaints, whether well or ill founded, which have been brought forward, arc much fewer than ever have occurred within the same Period in former Times; and the Court of Spain, when called upon to specify Particulars on this Head, is obliged to have Recourse to an Allegation of the Depredations of Corsican Privateers.

There remains but one Ground upon which the Court of Spain pretends to account to the World, for the ralli and perfidious Step which it has taken in declaring W ar against England, and to excuse to all Europe the Calamities which cannot fail to result from such a Measur: The supposed Decree ot Arrest, asserted to have been issued against the Spanish Ambassador at the Court of London. The Fast to which this relates, must have been grossly mistaken before it could be made to appear, even in the Eyes of Spain, a fit Motive for the slighted Representation or Complaint, much more a justifiable Cause of War between the two Kingdoms.

By the Strcfs which is laid upon this Transaction, who is there that would not be led to imagine, 'that the Law Suit, commenced against the Spaui//i Ambal-factor, was attended with some peculiar Circumstances

of

37 Geo. III. 130 D 199

of personal Indignity; that the Insult was intentional, and originated with the B Government, or that on being apprized of the Offence, the Court of London had shewn some Unwillingness or Delay in proceeding to the Prosecution of the Parties concerned in it ?

Who but would be astonished to learn, that the Procel's itself was no more rhan a simple Citation to answer at Law for a Debt demanded; that the suing this Process was the mistaken Act of an Individual, who was immediately disavowed by the Government, and ordered to be prosecuted for his Conduct; and who made (but made in vain) repeated and submiffive Applications to the S AmbalTador for For-giveness and Interference on his Behalf? That Cafes of the same Nature have frequently arisen in,

from the Ignorance of Individuals, and from the ready Appeal to the Laws, which the happy Constitution of the Country admits and authorizes, without the previous Intervention or Knowledge of any Branch of the Executive Government; and that in all fimi-lar Cafes, and particularly in one which had occurred only a few Weeks before, precisely the same Measures have been pursued by the Government to vindicate the Privileges of Foreign Ministers, and have uniformly, and without Exception, been accepted as completely adequate to that Object, and satisfactory to the Dignity and Honour of the Sovereign whom the same concerned.

Such then are the frivolous Motives and pretended Wrongs which Spain has chosen to assign as the Justification of her Declaration of War against Great Britain; such are the Topics of Complaint upon which His Majesty has repeatedly offered the most unequivocal Explanation, upon which he has long and ear-neftly endeavoured to persuade the Court of,

to enter into a full and amicable Discussion, for the Purpose of averting from His own Subjects, from those -of his Catholic Majesty, and from Europet the Extremities of War.

When upon Grounds of such a Nature, and with the Offer of Negotiation repeatedly presented to its Choice, a Power has wilfully and wantonly chosen a War, in which its Prosperity, its Happiness, and its Safety, are hazarded, and in which it will have as much to fear from the Success of its Allies, as from that of its Enemies, it surely is not too much to pre-lume, that, even in its own Eyes, that Power is not justified for the Proceeding which it adopted; and that there muff be some unassigned Motive of irre-fiftible Necessity, which induces it to pursue Measures alike inconsistent with its Interest, and with its Honour.

It will be plain to all Posterity, it is now notori-rious to Europe, that neither to the genuine Withes, nor even to the mistaken Policy of , her present Conduct is to be attributed; that not from Enmity towards Great Britain, not from any Resentment of past, or Apprehcnsion of future. Injuries, but from a blind Sublerviency to the Views of His Majesty's Enemies, from the Dominion usurped over her Councils and Actions by her new Allies, she has been compelled to act in a Quarrel, and, for Interests not her own, to take up Arms against one of those Powers, in whose Cause she had professed to feel the strongest Interest, and even to menace with Hostility another, against whom no Cause of Complaint is pretended, except its honourable and faithful Adherence to its Engagements.

Under these Circumstances, His Majesty forbears to enumerate the several Grounds of just Complaint, which He has had Occasion on His Part to prefer to the Court of Madrid, lince the Conclusion of the Peace between France and Spain-, the many and gross Instances of unjust Partiality towards His Enemies, of undue Protection afforded to their Ships, and of

Vol. 52.

Injuries Committed, and allowed to be committed, on those of His Majesty and His Subjects.

Confident of having acquitted Himfeif to the World of any Share in originating the prclent War,

He finds, in the manifest and unprovoked Aggression of the Enemy', a sufficient Cause for calling forth the Resources of His Kingdoms and the Spirit, of His Subjects, and He commits to the Divine Providence the Issue of a Contest, which it was to the left Moment His earnest Endeavour to avoid, and which He novy ardently desires to bring to a speedy' and honourable Termination.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Stage Coachej Reading of the Bill For granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches, be now read committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private AL,ience Affairs.

A Bill for more effectually making and repairing Ki-kcud-certain Roads, in the Stewartry of Kirkaulbrigkt, ami g?;fh ?ds for amending an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of mit'ed. the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heron,

Lord Frederick Campbell, r he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bh.ckbv.rne have Leave to go Leave of Ab-into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Af- ence fairs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dates of Dc-Account of the Date of the Declaration of War of y bTs in the Court of Madrid, presented Yesterday to this House, and Answer, and of the Time when the same was received; and orderecl-also of the Date of the Answer to the said Declaration.

Accounts ordered:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums remitted Account of what Sums have been remitted from his todi(charge Imperial Majesty, for the Purpose of discharging the Lam Principal of the Debt created by the Loan of 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Particulars of Account of the Particulars of the Sums drawn for by ed Coiond ' Messrs. Freres Bethmann, and Co. for Money furnished Craufurd. to Lieutenant Colonel Craufurd, and also of the Sums drawn for by Lieutenant Colonel Craufurd, with the Dates of the Bills respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 'Dates of BiiU Account of the Dates of the several Bills drawn for Lmpror!lUt the Use of his Imperial Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message ot in; 1 Ped -Yesterday, be now read. b

And the said Order being read accordingly; lidcrt-d; and

Ordered, That His Majesty's laid most Gracious Mef- Adirdstaerc-sage be now taken into Conlidefation. UP011,

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into ConsideratioiL

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved,

Bill for more

IWdy Payment of Navy, &c. Bills, oi dered.

Bill to am?nd Act for augmenting the Militia, or- de ed

Bill to amend Act for raisi ng Cavalry, ordered.

200 13° Decembris. A. 1796.

Resolved, Nemiue Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

drcfs be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Communication:

To exp refs to His Majesty the Concern which this Ilcui'e feds, in common with His Majesty, at finding that His Majesty's Endeavours to preserve Peace with Spain, a 1 d to aujuft all Matters in Discussion with that Country, by an amicable Negotiation, have been rendered ineffectual by an abrupt and unprovoked Declaration of War on the Part of the Catholic King:

To allure His Majesty, That, while wc cannot but concur with Him, in lamenting that such an Addition should be made to the Calamities of War, already extending over lb great a Part of Europe, we share at the same Time in the Satisfaction which His Majesty feels in reflecting, that nothing has been omitted on His Part, which could contribute to the Maintenance of Peace, on Grounds confident with the Honour of His Crown, and the Interests of His Dominions:

And humbly to entreat His Majesty, to place the most entire Reliance upon the Support of His faithful Commons on lb important an Occasion, and to be periuaded that no Exertion shall be wanting on our Part, which can, under the Protection of Divine Providence, enable His Majesty effectually to repel this unprovoked AggrelTion, and to afford to all Europe, an additional Proof of the Spirit and Resources of the British Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the more lpecdy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in future: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Ear] of Mormm'ton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas

Toz i-u/kend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Loup, do pre-. pare, and bring in, the fame.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " explain and " amend," and inserting the Word " repeal" iullead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " explain and amend" stand Part cl the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

r ... (The Lord )

lellers for the leas, {« r

{ Air. . )

11 r .1 -vr f Air. /I, f

Tellers for the Noes, j G, neral . f

14S.

27-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Qucllion being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sicetary and

Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for railing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nuhies de " upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Mil- fened.' lions, by Way of Annuities;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto Committreon a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excile Bin. on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Codec, British and Foreign Spirits, and 'lea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart repeated from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had tureft. vl him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the liune.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be " trained and exerciicd in the Manner therein directed;

" and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to " be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence " of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Qqeftion, by leaving out the Words " explain and amend," and inserting the Word " repeal" instead " thereof.

Andffhe Question being put, That the Words " ex-K plain and amend" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That latave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. 'Secretary and

Air. Secretary' at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of " Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the " Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frank land have Leave to Brave of go into the Country for Three Weeks, cn Ins private AjlaiLe‘ Adairs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for ft-

7 .0 o curing Stamp

the more effectually iccunng the Stamp Duties on out.es on in-

Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds: And that Air. Rose, Mr. Long, and Air. Hobart, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- inland Nw-der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on uty

Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations: And the same fonted. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morrr- Customs ddi-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioul'e, Bdl.'docrad. upon the Bill for granting to I lis Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, anti Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except W ine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, anti for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ALer cur'd.

a

vV:d

-K<

-1$

AnlWr to Jdrcilc -

Norwich and North Wal-ilium Road Bill, polled.

Hinrichs's Nat. Bill, reported.

37 Geo. III. 140 Decem 261

Mercurti, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

IPr AYERS.

LORD Viscount Stopferd reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be gracioutly pleaitd to give Direiftions, that Copies of the several Aifts for the Regulation of Slaves, which have been transmitted from any of His Majesty's Colonies in the West , for the Approbation of His Majesty, since the Year 1788, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint-this House, that He will give Directions accordingly'.

o -

Lord Viscount Siopford also reported to the House, That their Address or Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Communication: To express to His Majesty the Concern which this House feels, in common,with His Majesty, at finding that His Majesty's Endeavours to preserve Peace with Spain, and to adjust all Matters in Difcussion with that Country, by an amicable Negotiation, have been rendered ineffectual by an abrupt and unprovoked Declaration of War on the Part of the Catholic King: To allure His Majesty, That, while we cannot but concur with Him in lamenting that such an Addition should be made to the Calamities of War, already extending over lo great a Part of Europe, we share at the same Time in the Satisfaction which His Majesty feels in reflecting, that nothing has been omitted on His Part which could contribute to the Maintenance of Peace, on Grounds consistent with the Honour ot His Crown, and the Interests of His Dominions: And humbly to entreat His Majesty, to place the most entire Reliance upon the Support of His faithful Commons on so important an Occasion; and to be persuaded that no Exertion shall be wanting on our Part, which can, under the Protection of Divine Providence enable His Majesty effectually to repel this unprovoked Aggression, and to afford to all Europe, art additional Proof of the Spirit and Resources of the British Nation) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleated to receive the same Very graciously.

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz, was Muntz's Nat.

10 1 nr 0 Bill, com-

read a Second Time. mitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, High-ham I"-the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within passed. ' the Parish of High-bam, in the County of and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish of High-ham, and partly within the Parish of Epif-copi, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of High-ham, in the County of Somerset, and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the Laid Parish of High-ham, and partly within the Parish of Huish in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Malden have Leave' Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his pri- Absence' vate Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Rcfhleigh have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir George Aug;j; us William Evelyn have Leave to go into the Country for Six

Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. William Charles have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. William Clive have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. WilberforceBird have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Magdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the Kim's Anns Inn in North

J % n c *

IVahham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 11. After " Sundayto insert " Good " Friday, or Chrijhnas Day "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Riagdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn in North Walfiam, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom tire Bill for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-

V oL. 52.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Swayfield ln-and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sway-fieldy in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The hitetcommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Szvayfeld, and to the Parish of Corby9 in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Porter reported from the Committee, to whom Basingstoke the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are reponei! thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Roads from Basingstoke, through Popliam Lane, Sutton, Scot my, and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lob-comb Corner, in the County of Mri/ts, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

3 F and

202

140 Decembris A. 1796.

and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Paid Petition, the Paid Acts were read: And,

Mr. Andrew Saunders being examined. Paid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Paid Acts, Po far as the Pame relate to the Road from Basingstoke to Lobcomb , in the County of Wilts (being Part of the Roads comprized in the Paid Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of his Paid late Majesty) and have borrowed Peveral Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the Paid Acts; but the Paid Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed be repaid, unlePs the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and Pome Alterations made in the Tolls thereby granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secondhand in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Po far as the Pame relate to the Roads from Baji.igjlokethrough Sutton, Scotney,

and Stockbridge,in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Porter and Mr. Barham do prepare, and bring in, the Pame.

letve t( Ordered, That Lord George Seymour have Leave to

Absence. g0 jnt0 the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Allcannmgs A Petition of the Reverend George Clerk,

and Allington Thomas Andrews, Harry Hitchcock, and Jacob Petition? anc t e "everal other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Peveral Common Fields, and other Lands, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Peveral Hamlets or Tythings of Allcannings and Allington, in the County of Wilts, Peveral Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds; and that the Lands and Grounds of the rePpeCfive Proprietors of and in the Paid Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in frail Parcels, and, in their

Iirefent Situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; but if the lame, together with the Open and Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to and amongst the Peveral Proprietors, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their relpec-' tive Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid,. under such Regulations and Restriiflions as to the House may fectn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. JoJhuaSmith and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cramiism A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of r'amiutd e Grantham Canal Navigation to irnish and complete ‘the fame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, was read a Second Time.

2

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Miljintozvn have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds: And the Pame was received; and read the FirftTitne.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refulve itself into a Committer nf ihe whole House upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Dirtilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of 2?;\7////-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering certain Rales of Portage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland reflectively, and fA Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British Colonic in America, respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coachr , be now read.

A ;ui the said Order brine; read accordingly;

Rfjtved, Thar this Home will, To-inoirovv Morning, resolve i:lc:t into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by W ay of Annuities, he now read.

Aiicl the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rclolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to 11 is Majesty addit ional Dut ics of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Leave of Absence.

Bill for securing Stamp Duties on Indentures, &c. predated.

Scotch Diilil-lery Bill, deterred.

Bill for alter ing the Rate! of Pol!age, goronutt

Staff? Coachef

ra'.Ltiwb.l Duty Dill, dcumd.

Bill for ruling a Sum by Annuities, deferred.

Excise additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, committed.

37 Geo. III.

14° Decembris.

203

lev *

Afcjr

Bi.'!;.

ur.

Customs additional Duties £ill> dcientd.

Refoh ed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for granting to I lis Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Brexcept Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, fnd for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolve d, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

p-»7 n p relented.

Sums remitted to diichurge Imperial Lo n.

Mr. Long prelmted to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the Honourable Home of Commons, dated the 13th of Resolutions, which, upon the nth Day of,

« «... A / X A A A. L a. i? — 1 lrt /I- y /X M /X -C 13 M «/ % i- / /-I L mm .-V i L a

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Major General have

Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his "nce' private Affairs.

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most c'e ssi gracious Mellage to this House, of the 8th Day of De- reipea, cember, in the last Session of Parliament (which was »>g the ad presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer) might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Second of the

vancing of certain Sums for the Service of the Emperor.

Interest paid on Loan to the Emperor.

" December 1796, for an Account of what Sums have " been remitted from his Imperial Majesty, for the " Purpose of discharging the Principal of the Debt created by the Loan or 1795inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Long, dated 14th December 1796, to Walter Boyd, Esquire, Agent to his Imperial Majesty, for an Account of what Sums have been remitted from his Imperial Majesty for the Purpose of discharging the Principal of the Debt created by the Loan of 1795.

Copy of a Letter from Walter Boyd, Esquire, Agent to his Imperial Majesty, dated 14th December 1796, to Mr. Long,in Answer to his Letter of the same Day, for an Account of what Sums have been remitted from his Imperial Majesty for the Purpose of discharging the Principal of . the Debt created by the Loan of 1795: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the

Honourable House of Commons, dated the 12 th Day of December 1796, for an Account of what Sums have been paid for Interest, on Account of the Loan to the Emperor in the last Year, and in what Manner, spe-c'h ing the Times when such Payments were made

Particulars of

sums furn:h-

«d (Lionel

('lHUiUld.

of Bills diawn for the

Emperor.

lllCiOiing,

Copy of Mr. Lon 's Letter of 13th December 1796 to IVaher Bo\d, Esquire, Agent to his Imperial Majesty, wit h Copy of an Order of the House of Commons, dated 12th Day of December 1796, for " An Account of what Sums have been paid " for Interest, on Account of the Loan to the " Emperor in the last Year, and in what Manner, specifying the Times when such Paymeats were made."

Copy of a Letter from Walter Boyd, Esquire, dated the 14th of December 1796, to Charles Long, Esquire, transmitting an Account of Interest on a Loan of £.4,600,000, raised for the Use of his Imperial Majesty.

An Account of Interest on a Loan of£.4,600,000, raised for the Use of his Imperial Majesty: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to the Order of the c Honourable House of Commons, dated 13 th December c 1796, for an Account of the Particulars of the Sums £ drawn for by Mefirs. Freres Bethmam, and Co. for ;Ioncy furnished to Lieutenant Colonel Craufurd, and " also of the Sums drawn for by Lieutenant Colonel " Cnufurd, with the Dates of the Bills respectively And also,

A Paper, intituled, Ci Return to the Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated the 13th of " December 1796, for an Account of the Dates of the " several Bills drawn for the U;e of his Imperial Majesty."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Vol. 52,

a *

in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two Millions Five " hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service " of the Year 1796, and to take all such Measures as " the Exigency of Affairs may require."

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for en-u abling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions " Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and " Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That His Majesty's Ministers, having authorized and directed, at different Times, without the Consent, and during the Sitting of Parliament, the Issue of various Sums ot Money for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, and also for the Service of the Army under the Prince of Condo % have acted contrary to their Duty, and to the Trust reposed in them, and have thereby violated the Constitutional Privileges of this House;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the iirft Word u That" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, u the Measure of advancing the u several Sums of Money, which appear, from the Accounts presented to the House in this Session of " Parliament, to have been illucd for the Service of " the Emperor, though not to be drawn into Prccedent, but upon Occasions of special Necessity, was,

" under the peculiar Circumstances of the Cafe, a u justifiable and proper Exercise of the Discretion " vested in His Majesty's Ministers by the Vote of " Credit, and calculated to produce Consequences " which have proved highly advantageous to the common Cause, and to the general Interests of Europe instead thereof;

And the Question being proposed,.That the Words proposed io be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House was moved, That llis Majesty's most

Day ot of the

gracious Message to this House, of the 17th March 1748; together with the Proceedings House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Account (which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of January 1706) of feme extraordinary Charges of the W ar, not provided for the last Session of Parliament,

provi

or incurred iince, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The

140 Decembris.

A. 1796.

The House was also moved, That the First and Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the 27 th Day of January 1706 were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; together with the Proceedings of the Koufe thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and the said Resolutions are as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray " the like Sum, advanced by her Majesty to the Duke " of Savoy, for the better Defence of Turin, and for the " Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven u thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Share of a Loan to " the Emperor, for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706."

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of April 1734, of the Proceedings of the House on the Motion, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and apply a certain Sum therein to be mentioned, out of the Sulking Fund, That they have Power to receive a Clause cf Appropriation, with a Power to his Majesty to apply such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for or towards the Increase of the Expences that shall arise by the Aug mentation of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, as his Majesty in his great Whilom shall judge necessary to make, and for concerting such Measures as the Exigency of his Affairs may require, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Account (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Dry of

ruary 1734) of Services incurred, by augmenting his Majesty's Forces, and in concerting such other Measures as the Exigency of his Majesty's Affairs have required, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also mow.'!, That the Account (which was presented to the Koufe upon the 13th Day of March 1743) of the extraordinary Charges of tire Troops in British Pay, which ferveti in and

Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred and not provided for by Parliament, -might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 19th Day c 1743,

of the Proceedings of the House on the Motion, That the issuing. and paying to the Duke of Aremberg the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to put the Troops in Motion, in the Year 1742, is a dangerous Mi (application of Public Money, and destructive of the Rights of Parliament, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of April 1744, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking into Consideration the several Papers presented to the House, relating to an Article in the Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, of " Forty thousand " Pounds to the Duke of Arembto put the " Troops in Motion, Anno 1742," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 4th Day of February 1795; together with the Proceedings of the House, of the 28th Day of May following, upon taking into Consideration the Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed at Vienna, May 4th x 795, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Question was put. That the Words proposed to be left put (land Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp „ r v (Mr. Alderman „

Tellers for the Yeas/. , ..... c ..'{-81.

( Mr. H Smith:

►r 11 r ., (The Lord Carrington,

Tellers for the Noes,j Mr>: *

i 28.;.

So it passed in the Negative;

Then the Question being proposed. That the Words " the Measur of advancing the several Sums of Money,

" which appear from the Accounts presented to the " House in this Session of Parliament, to have been " issued for the Service of the Emperor, though not to be " drawm into Precedent, but upon Occasions of lpccial " Necessity, was under the peculiar Circumstances of " the Cafe, a justifiable and proper Exercise of the Difcrction vested in His Majesty's Ministers by the Vote " of Credit, and calculated to product Consequences " which have proved highly advantageous to the com- *

" men Cause, and to the general Interests of Europe" be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inserting, after the Words " Vote of Credit," thele Words, " it being the Opinion " of this House, that certain of the Sums dated in the " Papers laid before this House, to have been iilued on " the Authority of the Vote of Credit, were not paid " on the said Authority."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there mferted;

It paiFd in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House do now adjourn;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words, " although no Documents have " been laid before the House, to prove either the Necessity or the Expediency of the said Measur."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That after the first Word, " That" in the original Question, the Words,

" the Measur of advancing the levered Sums cf Money,

" which appear from the Accounts presented to the " House in tins Session of Parliament, to have been " iilued for the Service of the Emperor, though not to " be drawn into Precedent, but upon Occasions of spe *

" cial Necessity, was, under the peculiar Circumstances " of the Cafe, a justifiable and proper Exercise of the " Discretion vested in His Majesty's Ministers by the " Vote of Credit, and calculated to produce Consequences which have proved highly advantageous to " the common Cause, and to the general Interests of " Europe" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

ReJ'olved, That the Measure of advancing the several Sums of Money, which appear, from the Accounts presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, to have been issued for the Service of the Emperor, though not to be drawn into Precedent, but upon Occasions of special Necessity, was, under the peculiar Circumstances of the Cafe, a justifiable and proper Exercise of the Dit-cretion vested in His Majesty's Ministers by the Vote of Credit, and calculated to produce Consequences, which have proved highly advantageous to the common Cause, and to the general Interests of Europe.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Wnysand ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j3'dc'

to

JL

3 7 Geo. III.

14° — 150 Decembris.

205

Supply,

deterred.

Neutral Ships Bill, deferred.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved\That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber }and Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

have

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, for putting in Execution divers A<5ls, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and an Act, made in the

Leominster Roads Petition, reported.

Bill to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the - Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the ilfuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned Eleven of the Clock.

till this Morn-

ing.

Jovts, 150 dieDecetnbris \

Anno 37" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Pr

AYERS.

Muntz's Nat. Bill, reported.

M1

iHinrichs's Nat. Bill, passed.

'R. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Billj be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Old Stratford Roads Petition.

for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town o {Leominster,in the County of Hereford, and also of several Inhabitants of the said Town of Leominster, and of the said County of Hereford, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas James being examined, said. That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and that the Tolls and Money so borrowed have been applied towards amending the said Roads, and the several other Purposes of the said Acts, and that great Progrels hath been made in repairing the said Roads} but that the said several Roads cannot be effectually amended and k pt in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid be paid olF, unless the Tolls granted by the said Acts are increased, and some other Amendments made in the said Acts.

And the Witness further said. That it would render the Road between the Turnpike called Marfk Turnpike, and the Bridge at Coward's Mill, in the Parish of Leominster, more l'afe for Travellers in Times of Flood

(especially in the Night Time) if proper Ports and Rails were erected and made on the Eastern Side of that Part of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, of the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty," for repairing the enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parlia-Road leading from a Gate, called Shipflon Toll Gate, at ment, for amending, and keeping in Repair, several Bridg-Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of

in the rarish ot in

County of Warwick, though Alderminster and

vpon-Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick, and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone Handing on the said Shipflon Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mick/etonand Chipping to a Place

called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relates to the first-mentioned Road, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls col-ledlecl upon the said Roads, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts, and that the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Vol. 52.

Leominster, in the County of Hereford And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Smith, Esquire, W Trine incJo-John Newman, was pre- sure etltlon'

A Petition of Drummond Smart, Thomas Duncombe, and John was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with others, are Proprietors of certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Tring,in the County of Hertford, which, from lying

intermixed and much dispersed, cannot, in their present Form, be capable of great Improvements: And there-forepraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fame, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Baker and Mr. Plutnedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Welling-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing, or Northampton having Estates, within the County of Northampton, was koadPtutioa. presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Wellingborough, in 3 G the

Everaouth

Harbour

Petition,

reported.

ao 6

15° Decem

A. 17 96.

the said County, to the Towh of is in a

ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, anti kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Courte of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Sutton, Sir William Dolhen, &c.: And they are. to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and nave Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Baillie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Heritors, and Farmers, of the County of Renvick, and of the Merchants, Ship-masters, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of thereunto fubl'cribing, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the fevered Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lftates in the Town (1'iip of Harwood,in the Pan fa of Bolton in the

Moors, in the County Palatine of and having

Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, over, and upon, the Wastes and Commons, lying and being within the said Township, was pretented to the 1 louie, and road; Setting forth, That there are divers Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township, affording, in their present State, little or no Advantage to the Persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, but are capable dt great improvement, if they were divided, inclosed, and allotted, to and amongst the several Persons who lnve Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, to, or out of, the fame, according to their several and respective Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and the Lord Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Marquis of have Leave

to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Port of Eyemouth is the only Harbour within the County of Berwick from which great Part of the Corn

and other Productions of the County have been exported; that a considerable Trade is carried on there from the Baltic and Norway, and in the Importation of Coal, Lime, and other Commodities, and it is of Angular Advantage to the Coasting Trade, being of easy Access in all Weathers, particularly in Storms from the North and North East, and lying in a Corner of an extensive Bay, Ships coming in for Shelter can work out at all Times and all Winds, when it is safe to go to Sea, so that they can never remain Wind-bound: That the Merchants, and others, within the said Town, have at different Times expended considerable Sums of Money for building a Pier and other Works necessary for the Security of Shipping; but as no Fund was provided for keeping them in Repair, and being exposed to Injuries from Land Floods and Sea Storms, they are now in many Parts decayed, and by an extraordinary Flood in November 1794, a great Part of the Foundation of the old Pier was undermined and much damaged, and has ffnee tumbled into the River, by which the Harbour is not only rendered incommodious, but difficult of Access, and uni'afe for the Shipping frequenting it: That the Royal Burghs of Scotland, (enlible of the Danger to Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade from the ruinous State of the Harbour, did, at their Annual Meeting in July last, allow £.300 to assist in repairing it, and the Landholders of the County, and others, in Addition to that £-300, have subscribed the Sum of £.800, which, from Estimates, it appears will be, with further Sub-feriptions expeCVed, sufficient to repair the Pier and Breakwater, and also to make the other necessary Improvements for enlarging, scouring, and deepening the said Harbour, and for rendering it safe and commodious in future; but the Expences in the Execution of these Works, will be loft to the Subscribers and to the Public, unless a Fund be provided for supporting the said Pier and Breakwater, and the other proposed Improvements, by certain (mail Duties on the Trade and Shipping frequenting the said Port, which cannot be levied without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick: And that Mr. Baillie and Mr. Allardyce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

6

Ordered, That Mr. Peel have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Charles Vi!Hers have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotes have Leave to go Into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Heron have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks,>on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Lubbock have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. James Fox have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Davers have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Allen have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs;

An Amendment was.proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof theie Words, " from Saturday next."

And the ("aid proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put, That Mr. have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Mr. Dickhtfott, Senior,} ? (Mr. Gore Langton: j

rr 11 r 1 \ Ml. IIIHlffl 1)llk L 1 , \ q

Tellers for the Noes, > ib.

9 (Mr. Pier repout: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That no Leave of Ablonce be granted to any Member,

to take Effect before Saturday next, unless on special

Statement of the same on which inch Leave is applied

for;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Sir / Villi am joung, )

Mr. Pier re pent: f

(Mr. Maimvariup, )

( Mr. Dickvij.n, ojiiioi-)

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered,

H irivcod

Uoiurc:

tiuU.

T.ernr rt Abiutcc.

Lttive to V-

jjig l ‘ iV£r u

37 Geo. III. 150 Dece207

teaveof Ordered, That Mr. Luttrell have Leave to go into the

AHence. Country, on Saturday next, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Lozvther have Leave to go into the Country, on Saturday next, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on Public Buli-ness.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into

the Country for a Month, on Account of the dangerous Illness of a very near Relation.

Ordered, That the Earl of Euston have Leave to go into the Country, on Saturday next, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith have Leave to go into the Country, on Saturday next, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Barlow have Leave to go into the Country, on Saturday next, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of Bill,oulcred. the Tower Hamlets, in the County of And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Canning presented to the House, pursuant to Dates of D;-their Order, _ pain,

A Paper, intituled, " Dates of the Spanish Declaration and Answer, ' " of War, of its Reception here, and of the Answer to Piereut£dit."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth;

DATES of the Spanish Declaration of War, of its Reception here, and of the Answer to it.

Date of the Declaration of War by the Court of Madrid against Great Britain:

Palace of St. Lawrence, October 5th, 1796.

Published at Madrid, October 8th.

Received officially from the Marquis of Bute, His Majesty's Ambassador at the Court of Madrid, by Lord Grenville, December 3d, 1796.

Date of the Answer:

Westminster, December xzth, 1796.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow to be perused by the Members of the House. Morning.

Bill for ex- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ‘Tm forde extending the Time, limited by an Act of this Session, Ivering in for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Ex-xn7y' ' a chequer Bills: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. , or ere . Hobart,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The Lloufe being informed that Mr. Coltfon, from

Valuebofand General Poll Office, attended at the Door; he

Franks, pre- was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, seated pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number and Value of Franks ' from BHednesday, April 6th, 1796, to Saturday, Decem-

ber 3d, 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Quaker's Re-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lief Bill,de-upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People tcned‘ called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the more effectually securing the Stamp Bill for secur-Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, in.« sump was, according to Order, read a Second Time. dentures'!&c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Sugar pmwReduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now al- A '

" lowed on the Exportation of Sugar," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. RoJ'e,

Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Commiitee, who we>e Militia Kfti-appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the mate, report-Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1797, e ‘

That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; anti is as followeth;

Vol. 52.

ESTIMATE

150 — 16° Decembris.

A. 1796.

Scotch Distillery Bill, deferred.

Stage Coaches additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, deferred.

Excile additional Du.ties Bill, deferred.

Customs additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Southwark I k&ion Peti rion, considered.

208

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year i 7 9 7.

Twenty Days Pay to 60,000 Militia Men -Cloathing for D°

Twenty Days Pay for 1,500 Serjeants Cloathing for D#

Twenty Days Pay to 340 Drummers Cloathing for D°

Twenty Days Pay to 340 Corporals -Cloathing for D° -Twenty Days Pay to the several Officers 365 Days Pay to 17 Adjutants -

I-

60.000 -

96.000 -

1,500 ——

5.000 ——

2,300 ——

700 ——

1.000 -

600 ——

8,700 ——

1,800 ——

177,600 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. x

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distillenes in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions-, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Decembris.

Anno 37 Georgii III'" Regis, 1796. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough q{ Southwark, being come;

8

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Sea led Committee, to try and determine the sMerits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging,-allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Alter,in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale, through Bamfordand Birtle,to Bury, and for making and main-

taining Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in tire County Palatine of Lancajlerj without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, turning,altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Guide Post at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of Castleton,within the Pari 111 of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Clerke Street, and for making a new Road, from and out of the said lfoad, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of aforesaid, to

communicate as well with the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of chester, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pitts, in the said Townlliip of Castleton , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Gruncifen without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli; without any Amendment; And also.

The

The Lords have agreed to

Aller Inclo-iure Bill.

Rochdale, Bamford, and Bury Roads Bill.

Castleton, Rochdale, and Bury Road Bin:

Cru aeifen'9 Nat. Bill *

Ravelins Nat. Bill.

37 Geo. III.

16° JDecembris.

209

Borel's and Azemar's Nat. Bill.

Steinberg's and Blau-rock's Nat. Bill.

Choumert's Nat. BUI.

Southwark Election Petition, considered.

TH>r:

A!'c

liiisfc.

(V'ii

Fn:.-

k-l

U'-‘

Kir ? *

BJ.

Leoininster koads Bill, presented.

S it>

Bi *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Bore/, Henry Bore/, Louis Bor el, and Stephen Azema; without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Choumert; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventy-seven Members being present;

And the Counsel being called in;

The Petitioner and his Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, appeared at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

night, the 26th Day of this Instant December, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muhtz's Nat. Muntz, was read the Third Time. 'pa e '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Baillie presented to the House, according to Eyemouth Order, a Bill for repairing, improving, and maintain-

The Order of the Day, for the taking the said Peti- ing, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of tion into Consideration, was read. wick: And the same was received; and read the First

And the Names of the Members were taken out of Time, the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Five Members, then present, Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according am cannings

were drawn, who were not objected to

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in

And the Name of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, presented.

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Petitioner.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Anfruther, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Forty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sir James Marriott,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Allcannings and in the Cqunty of

Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Osborn presented to the House, according to Campton In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open cIoPure Bill, and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, pre ente and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Knight, and John Pitt, Esquire, were drawn, Parish of Campton, otherwise Campton cum Shefford, in who having sworn that they were ieverally Sixty the County of Bedford: And the same was received;

Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from and read the First Time.

serving on the said Committee; and the Names Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of Twenty-six other Members, then present,

were drawn, and set aside; Five on Account of A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- chichester their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (be- larging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed fore sworn); Three against whose Elections Pe- in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George titions were depending; Seventeen on Account the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His of having in this Session served on Select Com- present Majesty, for repairing and widening several mittees; and One on Account of his Return Roads in the County of Sussex, lo far as the said Acts to serve in Parliament not having been brought relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, at the in Fourteen Days. North End of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst, to the

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Del complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to key, all in the said County of was read a Second

the Petitioner, and to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and the Door of the House being opened, the Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to MJIbrooke

several Acts of Parliament, for amending, and keeping Order, a Bill for taking down and re-building the Pa- church Bill,

rish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of South amp- PreenteJ-ton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bright's Divorce Bill, committed.

in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

Vol. 52.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Pancras pav-to Order, a Bill for paving, cleahfing, lighting, watching, 'pr and otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Public Passages as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty,

Spinster, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 H Ordered,

.L. i-l

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, deferred.

Bill for extending the Time for delivering in Navy, /cc. Bills, prciented.

Petition of Planter', &c. or St, Vincent's for Relict.

2io 16° Decembris. 179

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House have been again in certain Instances destroyed, and that, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further, from the Necessity of foregoing the Cultivation upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on of Private Property, to support Public Interests dur-Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations, be now read. ing Eighteen Months unremitted Warfare, the Dif-And the said Order being read accordingly; tress of the Colony of Saint Vincent has become ge-

Rejbhed, That this House will, upon Friday, the neral, and without Exception: That, urged by these 10th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said unhappy and necessitous Circumstances, the Legislature Committee. of Saint Vincent's have felt it to be its indispensable

Duty to suspend the Court Act until March 1797, by Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, which the Courts of Law in the Wand are to that Pe-a Bill for extending the Time, limited by an Act of riod shut against all Private Process, and thus, in this SeiTion, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Tran- Effect, the Petitioners have but too high and certain sport, and Exchequer Bills: And the same was receiv- Authority for declaring the raselves incapacitated, by ed; and read the First: Time. the Ravages of War, from immediately, and without

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time. utter Ruin, answering those pecuniary Obligations Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time which they are moll anxious, and they doubt not the upon Monday Morning next. being able ultimately, to fulfil: And therefore pray-

ing, That further Time may be allowed for Payment A Petition of the Planters and others of His Ma- ' of Instalments becoming due from them on Loan by jesty's Island of Saint Vincent, being offered to be pre- Exchequer Bills, and that further Affillance may be

fented to the House; given them, not exceeding the Amount originally al-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's lotted by Parliament for the Relief of the Planters Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, and others connected with the Islands of Vincent having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- and Grenada, by a Bill to be brought in to such Eff'eCl, tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the or in such other Manner, as to the Wililom and Bene-House. volence of the House shall leem meet.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Setting forth, That, in March 1795, the Black Cha- Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, raibs, occupying, and freely holding, a very considerable intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct District in the said Island, under Grant from His Ma- " the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, jesty, by Treaty, made in the Year 1773, and by and " for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein men-under which Treaty they bound themselves as Subjects " tioned," might be read, to His Majesty's Government, did, in Contempt of And the same being read accordingly; their Duty and Allegiance so plighted, call in His Ma- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for jesty's Enemies, the French, to their Assistance, and, allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments riling in open Rebellion, did make hostile Incurlion to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of info Parts of the Island appropriated to, and inhabited Loan, pursuant to the said Act of the Thirty-fifth by, British Settlers, and, with every Circumstance of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. wanton Cruelty and Murder of their Friends, and their Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, faithful Negroes, did burn, devaftate, and destroy, the do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Plantations and Property of the Petitioners: That the

Planters and others, driven from their Houses and A Petition of the Planters and others, of His Ma- Petition of Estates, quickly assembled in Arms, and, aided by His jesty's Island of Grenada, being offered to be presented Majesty's Forces, did not give themselves up.toDe- to the House; for Relief,

spair, but continued, as in Duty bound, to support His Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Majesty's Sovereignty of the Island of Saint Vincent, Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, against the united Efforts of the Rebel Charaibs, aided haying been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-by Reinforcements from His Majesty's Enemies, the tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the French, and, with a Loyalty and Courage, unabated House.

by their Misfortunes, after successive Conflids for many Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Months; and during which a full Third Part of the Setting forth. That, in the Month of March 1795, an Militia of the Island fell in Battle, did happily preserve Insurrection and Rebellion of the French Inhabitants the Sovereignty of their Island to British Government; of the said Island, excited and abetted by the Enemies and that the Legislature of Great Britain (their Mother of this Country, broke out; and that the In-

Country) benevolently recognizing the Loyalty and habitants, from the Necessity of uniting themselves Misfortunes of the Planters of Saint Vincent's, passed an with His Majesty's Troops, in order to secure the prin-Act, in the Year 1795, by which Exchequer Bills were cipal Fort, and thereby to maintain His Majesty's to be issued, to be appropriated to their. Assistance Sovereignty over the Island, were compelled to abandon (conjointly with that to their Sifter Colony Grenada) every Part of it to the said Rebels, who destroyed and and for Re-establishment of their devastated Estates; burnt the Plantations and Properties of the Peti-and the said Exchequer Bills were distributed to them- tioners, and of the other unfortunate Planters in the selves, or Correlpondents in London, severally by Loan, said Island: That Parliament, from its benevolent At-the First Re-payment of which, by Instalment, was to tention to the Distress and Sufferings arising from those be made on the 5th of January 1797; and that, at the Devactions, both in the said Wand and in Saint Vin-

Time of partaking the Benefits of such Loan, the Pe- cent's, were pleased to grant the Means of Relief, by

titioners had every Prospect of so re-establishing their authorizing Loans by Exchequer Bills, under sufficient Estates, as to be enabled to make the Payments re- Securities, to the Extent of 1,500,000, payable by quired, and at the Periods specified; but that, from Instalments, so arranged in respect to Time and Provarious unforeseen Causes, which delayed Affillance portions of the Sum borrowed, as to meet the then

from the Mother Country, and from successive Confli<fls Expedition of a speedy Restoration of the internal with the Enemy which have lince arisen in Saint Vin- Tranquillity of the Wand; and that, from many un-cent's, and from repeated Incursions lince made, and fortunate and inevitable Causes, thp well . founded specially on or about the 8th of January 1796, with Hope of subduing the Rebels, by the prompt and ef-Circumstances of extraordinary Cruelty and wanton Ra- feftual Exertions of His Majesty's Government, was vage, their Estates, in the very Course of Re-establish- disappointed, the Reinforcements for that Purpose ment under Means supplied by the British Legislature, having been frustrated in their repeated Attempts to 9 - proceed

16° Decemb.

an

37 GPO. III.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upp to consider, further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre-

proceed to the West Indies, by severe and contrary Winds; and that this Circumstance produced a considerable Addition to the Calamities of the Island, and has utterly disabled the Planters from making punctual Payment of the Sums borrowed of the Commissioners for issuing the said Exchequer Bills, the First Instalment of which becomes due on the 5th of January next: That, in consequence of the expected Relief be- pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing thus pro traded, by Causes beyond the Controul of ing of the Militia, for the Year 1797, be referred to human Prudence, many of the Planters, from the the said Committee.

ruinous State of their Properties, had not the Means Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's of availing themselves of the Loan by Exchequer Bills, Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty their Connexions in Britain being unwilling to give' rcommends it to the House, to make such Provision their Security; and that the Wand is now happily re- for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of llored to a State of Tranquillity, and the Negroes the Militia, for the Year 1797, as they shall think ne-

ReportMilitu Estimate, referred.

Southwark Election Committee, appointed.

chearfully applying their Labours, to Cultivation; but tfte Reiteration of the Works, necessary to the Production and Manufacture of Sugar, cannot be made without considerable Expence; that the Planters have no Means of supplying that Expence, the Opportunity of obtaining Assistance by Means of a Loan of Exchequer Bills, under the late Act of Parliament for that Purpose, being loft: And therefore praying, That further Time may be given for Payment of Instalments becoming due from the Petitioners on Loan of Exchequer Bills, and that further Assistance may be given them, not exceeding, the Amount originally allotted by Parliament for the Relief of the Planters and others connected with the Wands of Grenada and Saint cent,by a Bill to be brought in to such Effect, or in such other Manner, as to the Wisdom and Benevolence of the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the

cellary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the' Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wallace also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

ette, See. N eg.

:iA

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-' Motion for House One of the said Lifts, which had been struckbythe poled. That an humble Address be presented to His j dress Petitioner and the Counsel for the Sitting Member in his Majesty, to represent to His Majesty, that it appears neraiLa Fay-Presence,together with a new Lift of the Names of the to this House, that the Detention of the General La Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which Fayette, and Messieurs La Tour and Bureau

last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles Dundas, de Pufy, in the Prisons of His Majesty's Ally, the Em-Esquire, and John Anstruther, Esquire, being added, the peror of Germany, is highly injurious to the Cause of same was called over; and is as follows: His Majesty and His Aljies; and most humbly to be-

William Joseph Denison, Esquire, John Spalding, Ef- feech His Majesty, to intercede with the Court of

such Manner as to His Royal Wisdom hall

quire, George Porter, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, the Honourable Edward James Eliot, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Baronet, Francis Fane, Esquire, William Cuningham Bontine, Esquire, Lord Charles Henry So-merfet, Napier Christie Burton, Esquire, Lord Evelyn James Stuart, Sir John Flerring Baronet, the Lord Portchester, Charles Dundas, Esquire, John Anstruther, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, were fw'orn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Petitioner, and the' Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Order for Call, discharged.

Bill for venting

fertioa of Seamen, ordered.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Wands in the West Indies:And that Mr. Mr. Dent,

Mr. Alderman Lushington, and General do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox.. 52.

enna, in such Manner as to

seem most proper, for the Deliverance of those unfortunate Persons;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the First Words , " His Majesty," to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " humbly to submit to His Ma-. " jesty, the Propriety of His Majesty's using His good " Offices with His Ally the Emperor of Germany, for " the Liberation of the General La Fayette, and Melsieurs La Tour Maubourg, and Bureau de Pufy," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words,

" humbly to submit to His Majesty, the Propriety of " His Majesty's using His good Offices with His Ally " the Emperor of Germany, for the Liberation of the " General La Fayette, and Messieurs La Tour Maubourg,

" and Bureau de Pufy," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to submit to His Majesty, the Propriety of His Majesty's using His good Offices with His Ally the Emperor of Germany, for the Liberation of the General La Fayette, and Messieurs La Tour Maubourg, and Bureau de Pufy;

The

"15"

111 inti mi

212

16° Decembris

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tt,.erefoMheVea,{"ir"i' }

5° *

TakBror[heNoe84 Sj«W?Jt32.

So it passed in the Negative.

Committetou Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House a SunTbyXi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nuitics. upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Ii>struction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Neutral Ships Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do make the Report from Bill, reported. Qornmi ee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Order for Bill The House was moved, That the Order made Yes- Drawback, terday, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to &c. Act, dir- ' " explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session charged. of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Reduction " of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the " Exportation of Sugar," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Instruction Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee thereupon. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for applying the Money, to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks " and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament.

A. 179

ties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for grantingdo His Majesty an additional tionai Duty Duty on Stage Coaches, be now read. Bill-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow.

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bill for altering, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, p 1" upon the Bill for altering certain Rates of Postage for deferred. Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America respectively.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole dc" House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bill for fe-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, STns

° , n n r rr r\ 11 r 1 1/Uties On In-

upon the Bill for the more effectually lecunng the dentures, &c. Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other deferred. Deeds.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Scotch Dialing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole de'

House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of BritiJli-vcyeAz Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Exciseaddi-the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, ' me' Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

remittee on Customs additional Duties Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Du-

Sahhati,

)6.

dizt, rried 1 ex-and oifee

:e.

they end-) re-ie.

TOW

aule Cs ul'e, ?' onil

liev

r.d-

i to

\k

row

-rn-

ih !!; il' Ui aiM

for &T

CO-

o:n

w

til- Wr:

ole

for

rn 33

:he cr-:er &

n fcr;' )le £ ly

m

of Et-; to

j '

I?,

;n

in

Report Supply.

37 Geo. IlL

i 70 Decemb

r -

213

Sabbati, 170 <//V Decembris;

Anno 37° Georgii III'" Regis, 1796;

Praters.

Street Inclo iure Bill, re ported.

Provif;on for Militia.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

Sti-p C (/.icltC's addirion J JOuty K ii, reported.

granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

MR. Gore Langioh reported from the Committee; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable the House.

Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the _ O, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, and also ingrossed.

for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel Or Tract of O, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Waste Land, called 'Turf Moor, in the Pari Hi of Street upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had then ingrossed. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- . Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the king's Mef-plied with; and that the Committee had examined the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to AJlegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented r.-.ry Advan-and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and (except the Owners and Possessors of 21 Tenements, is as followeth; viz.

ces to tha Emptror,

to whom Rights of Common on the Lands to be inclosed belong, who refused to flgn the Bill, and that the whole Number of Tenements entitled to such Rights is 123, or thereabouts; and that no Person

GEORGE R;

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that He is at present engaged in con-appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); certing Measures with His Allies; in order to be fully and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, ' ~

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provillon be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1797.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

prepared for the vigorous and effectual Prosecution of the War, if the Failure of His Majesty's earnest Endeavours to effect a General Peace, on lecure and honourable Terms, should unfortunately render another Campaign unavoidable: And His Majesty will not fail to take the first Opportunity to communicate the Result of these Dilcuflions to the House. In. the Interval, His Majesty conceives that it may be of the greatest Importance to the Common Cause, that His Majesty should be enabled to continue such temporary Advances for the Sendee of the Emperor, as may be indispensably necessary; with a View to Military Operations being prosecuted with Vigour and Effefl at an early Period; and His Majesty recom-' -mends it to the House, to consider of making such Provision as may appear to them to be most expedient for this Purpose;

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mcl-sage be taken into Consideration upon Morning

next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for tile House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bl11 ,oraiter upon the Bill for altering certain Rates of Portage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in,

respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inltruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for setting apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Period of Eight Years, out of the

ing the Rates of Foliage.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Monies arising from the Revenue of the Poll: Office,

~ the Annual Sum of £. 40,000, towards defraying the

increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock, created, by any Act or Acts passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto\ which they had diresfted hirn to re- port, when the House will please to receive the same.

3 I Ordered9

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One $ and, upon the Qucfiion severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Lon , according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Ilouie, to whom the Bill for

Vol. 52.

2i4

17 — 19

Decembris.

A. 1796.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read

Bill for more speedy Payment of Navy, Sec. Bills, presented *

Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ttoufe, according to Order, a Bill to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, artd inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable

Transport Bills, that shall be HTued in future: And the Ground, formerly Part of King's , lying, in the

Street Inclosure Bill, paiTcda

Bill for allowing Time for Payment oflnlbilments on certain Exchequer Bills, relative to the I (lands of St. Vincent and Grenada, presented.

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums ad-

Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Trad: of Waite Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of

vanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Street, in the County of Somerset, and also for divid-Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ing and allotting a certain Parcel or Trad of Waite intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforethe Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, said.

Ordered, That Mr. Senior, do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

" for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentionedAnd the same was Received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the Member Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring ? d tobring

Customs additional Duties Bill, deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the {,ury indo most Noble Augvflus Henry Duke of Grafton, Knight lure Bill, of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprie-His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, tors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of IV), in

or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, the County of Northampton. except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or car-

~ Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, accord- Whittlebiuy

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the pretenud.8 Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Corn-

Bill for securing Stamp Duties on In-

ried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole dentures"&c. House, upon the Bill for the more effectually securing deferred. the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 19 die Decembris;

Anno 37 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing " several Roads round the City of Bristol," and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfiehl Common Road, into the Bitton and Toghill Common Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Porter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Basingfloke through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotnev, and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the

Bristol Roads Bill, committed.

mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberries of Whittle-bury, in the County of Northampton (except the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of

the Forest of Whittleweod, or Whittand for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long Hedge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons ciylure Bill, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation, and for amending the several Acts relating thereto; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Dudley Canal Bill.

Rvncfh kc Roaus Bill, p relented.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Tower Ham-Order, a Bill for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tozver Hamlets, in the County sent'ed. of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Quakers Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called

Quakers,

37 Geo. III. I o° D.

Quakers, as to the Imprisonrrtent of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon , the

17th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Neutral Ships An ingrossed Bill to continue several Acts, made in Bill, parted. the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the ilfuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mems n 1° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionwhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was direlied by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

a s' r°rhra'('ms Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Annuities, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the -patied. Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill}

Pr. 12. 1. 32. After " Sums," to insert " and shall " also give a Receipt or Receipts " to every such Contributor, who " shall at any Time have paid,

" or shall pay the Sum of Twenty " Pounds per Centum on the Sum " by him subscribed," and after " the" to insert " respective."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered \That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

B.11 for alter- Ml . Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for wported! altering certain Rates of Portage for Conveyance of

' Vol. 52.

Letters in England and Scotland reflectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the Britislt Colonies in America, rolpeclively was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Billy with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Account rt-Gopy of the Account raised in the Books of the Bank r,n"

of England, in the Names of Trustees appointed to a An-invert certain Sums in the Imperial 3 per Cent. Annui nuities, or-ties, for the Annual Redemption of the Capital of the dered said Fund;

Ordered, That the Order Of the Day, for taking into King's Mtf-Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Melfage of ,v tmpomry Saturday last, be now read. Advances to

And the said Order being read accordingly; considerTd

Ordered, That His Majesty's said moil Gracious Mef- and AddrJfs sage be now taken into Consideration. thereupon.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His moll Gracious Message: To assure His Majesty that this House will, immediately, enter into the Consideration of such Measures as may appear to them to be most expedient for enabling His Majesty to continue such temporary Advances to the" Emperor, as may (if the Failure of His Majesty's earnest Endeavours to eft eft a general Peace, on lecure and honourable Terms, should unfortunately fender another Campaign unavoidable) be necessary, with a View to the Prosecution of Military Operations with Vigour and Effl-ft at an early Period;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " expedient" to the End of the Question.

The House was moved, That the 8th and 1 ith Articles of the First Octroi, in the Convention between the King and the Emperor of Germany, signed at Vienna, the 4th May 1795 (which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of May 1795) might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Account (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) of all Sums of Money granted by Parliament since the 29th Day of October 1795, and expended before the 5th Day of April 1796, with a Statement of the Services lo which the same were applied, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words, " His Majesty's faithful Commons having thus " manifested their Determination to enable His Majesty " to give such Assistance to His Majesty's Ally the Emperor, as may be indispensably necessary in the unfortunate Event of an unfavourable Blue to the present

" Negotiations

Committee of Supply.

Kind's Mcffoyt referred.

Bill to amend Act foraug minting the MSiitia, pre-feAted.

r ciTunitttd.

ft 16 190 Decembris. 179 <5.

" Negotiations for Peace, feel it equally incumbent on u them not to omit thisOccasion ofexpressing their deep " Regret, that His Majesty's Ministers should in recent " Inltances, have prelumed to issue similar Aflistancesio " the Emperor and to a large Amount, without any " previous Application to Parliament to enable His Majesty so to do; thereby acting, as His Majesty's Gracious Message appears in a great Measure to admit, " in Defiance of the established Practice, and in Violation of the constitutional Privileges of this House."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message: To allure His Majesty that this House will, immediately, enter into the Consideration of such Measures as may appear to them to be most expedient for enabling His Majesty to continue such temporary Advances to the Emperor, as may (if the Failure of His Majesty's earnest Endeavours to efl'cdt a general Peace, on secure and honourable Terms, should unfortunately render another Campaign unavoidable) be necessary, with a View to the Prosecution of Military Operations with Vigour and Effect at an early Period.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of Saturday last, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speikei1 left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for providing an Augmentation " to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the " Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to caul'e the same to be embodied, in case of " Necelfify, for the Defence of these Kingdoms:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

' The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refdved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- *

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That art Ad; made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army " and Navy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly £

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr, Secretary at War, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefi!ntec! to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be " embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of " these Kingdoms:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.-

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men " in the several Counties in England, for the Service " of His Majesty's Army and NavyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 13th and 31st Days of October last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for extending the Time, limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Vi dualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army

and-

Bill to amend

for railing

Men in England, for the Army and Navy, or- deicd.

Bill to amend Act for railing Cavalry, pr -1 tilted;

committed.

Bill to amend Attfor railing Men in England, for the Army and Navy, presented.

committed.

Committee on, East India Company's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

Bill for ex tending the Time for delivering in Navy, &c. Bills committed.

Mutiny Bill, presented.

v

37 Geo. III.

190 — 20° *

217

and their Quarters: And the same was received and read the First Time *

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Scotch Diitii- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lery Bill, granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Diflilkries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Air. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair *

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, w hen the I ioufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

£xei<« addi- Air. Long according to Order, reported from the nonal Duties Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for i , reporte . granting i-][s Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Alorning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grossed.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, -f 0jC'9 ( Air. Long:'

Tellers for the Noes, {

f 15 } 4 *

And it appearing upon the Report of the Divisioil by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present j and it being then after Four of the Clock j

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, with out a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morn ing. Ten of the Clock-

Stagt Co.idits The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty Duty Kd a'Wkional Duty on Stage Coaches, was, according

paired. ' to Order, read the Third Time.

Jii'/hived.That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ouftomsaddi- Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the BdiTrepotted. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,- and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. 11, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo< 3. 1. 11, which was to fill the Blank with " Two Shillings and Six Pence," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

VOL. 52.

Martisy20° d Decembris; Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of ,was

read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol, the Castle of was pre-

len ted to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Marmaduhe Graburn, Esquire,

William Graburn, Esquire, John tipple by, Esquire, Tho-

mas Scrivener, John Harder, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Barrow, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Hid Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing, in the Whole, 4,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and also divers ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, containing 270 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and difperled in small Parcels, and the fame, and also the said Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, and a Satisfaction made for the Tythes of the said Parish at large, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons intcrelled therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Wallc Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barron/ aforesaid, and for inch other Purposes, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Avail leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

3 K pursuant

Leominster Roads Rill, committed.

Lancaflei Debtors Petition.

Barrow Inclosure Petition,

2i8

20° Decem»

A. 17

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Mr. Tyner and Sir GilbertHeathcete do prepare, and ihaJJ appear to them, to the House:

bring in, the lame. And it is referred to Mr. Wallop, Sir William Heath-

cote, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

RmensPav. A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; mitred'1'C°m" ot env e improving, alj such Streets and other public and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and llc-Passages as are, or I hail be, made upon a certan Piece cords.

of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spinster,

lituate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Saint Brewk Middlesex, was read a Second Time. whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable tyR, Hi,hlu

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Canal from Port, in the Parish of sported."'

Mr. Mainwaring, See.: And they are to meet this Af- in the County of Cormoall, to Bridge, in the

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- Parish of Bodmin, in the hid County, and also a cer-ber. tain Collateral Cut from Cotton to, or near to,

Ruthern Bridge, in the said Parish of was com-

A Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish mitted; That the Committee had examined the Ai-Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, was read a Second Time. and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Porter, had directed him to report to the House, together Sir William Heathcote,&c.: And they are to meet this with a Lilt of the Names of the Persons who have Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's afiented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing

M il brook c Church Bill, committed.

Basingftokc, Andover, &rc> Kouds Petition.

Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Pryors,

Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish

Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lilt, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

,ic.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition from City of London attended at the Door; they were called J ofixJn-in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, don,against

A Pet it ion of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts, for including mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- Bill ' the Road from Spittle HouJ'e, over Weyhill, to Mullens sembled.

~ And then they w ithdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se-to Sarfon Street, and alto the Road through the said curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within Town of Basingfloke, was presented to the House, and the Port of London-, and Setting forth, That the Mayor read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, the said first-mentioned Acts have made great Progrels by virtue of, and under divers Charters, recognized

" and confirmed by clivers Acts of Parliament, have had

and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise the Office ot Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by

Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty, and for amending the Roads from Andover, through towards Tangley

and from Charlton to Clanfeld Bottom, and from Weyhill

in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Monies be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is

Alterations made in the Tolls thereby granted; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Roads, if the Powers of the said Acts were reduced into One Act; and that the Road from the Termination of the said present Turnpike

continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and forne his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water

'of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Towm of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise otherwise

Ten/eet, towards the Sea and East, and in Road, at Sarfon Street, by SarJ'on Mill,through Part of and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and the Parish of Abbotts Ann, in the County of Southampton, upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon across the Turnpike Road leading from Andover to the every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within City of Neiv Saruin,at or near the Three Mile Stone the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and procecdingtowardslW/7Ve, and throughClatfordOakcutts, about, all and every of them, and also for all the Time to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Longjiock,lead- aforesaid, held Jurisdiction over the fame, and have ing from Stockbridge tb the said City of New Sarum, had and taken, and ought and have accustomed them-is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommo- selves to have and take, to their own proper Ule, by dious to Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be fuf- the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during ficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Re- the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, pair; by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits belonging to be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the the same Office of Bailiff'; and that, if the said Bill said lload, or residing in the Neighbourhood, if the should be passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges same w'ere made Turnpike, and added to the Roads of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade included in the said Acts: And therefore praying, and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ef- has flourished for a great Length of Time, to the great testing the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and Benefit and Advantage of the City of London, and

under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

the Kingdom in general, would, in a very material Degree, be removed to a new Scite, out of the Controul and Superintendence, as well as out of the Care and Protection of the Petitioners; and that such Removal

Account relative to Imperial £. % . per

Cent. Annuities, presented.

Bill for preventing De-iertion of Seamen, present-cd.

37 Geo. III. ao° Decembris.

219

moval would not only be a Violation of the ancient Customs and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the raoft ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whole Property, or the Profits of whole Labour and Industry, in a great Measure, depends on the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be carried on within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said City: That the Petitioners and their Predecessors, ever careful of the Rights and Welfare of their Fellow Citizens, and anxious to accommodate, promote, and increase, the Trade and Commerce of the City of , have from Time to Time devised, and offered to execute. Plans conducive to those Ends, and actuated by thele Motives, as well as in consequence of divers Applications made to them in that Respect, have formed a Plan for increasing the Accommodation, and for the more effectually securing the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, of the Port of London, which, by the Aid and Authority of Parliament, they have Reason to believe may be carried into Execution, without the Necelfity of creating a new Corporation, or other expensive Elta-biishment, without Injury or Inconvenience to Individuals, and without infringing on the ancient Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or burthening the Trade of the said Port, in the Manner and to the Extent propoied by the said Bill; and the Petitioners pledge themselves to the House, to bring forward such Plans, and, if duly enabled by the Legislature, to cary, the same into Execution; and that as, by the carrying the Petitioners Plan into Execution, the Public at large would derive every Benefit and Accommodation which the Commerce of London can require, at a moderate Expence, and perfectly confident with the Safety of its Shipping, and the Security of the Revenue, as the Petitioners do not thereby take, or mean to take, any Emolument or Advantage to themselves, they rely on the Justice of the House that no new Corporation shall be established, as proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account from the Bank relative to Imperial£. 3. per Cent. Annuities.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Vox.. 52.

Ordered, That the Bill for allowing further Time for for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an imtaimentson

of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present ch Mls. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Ma- relative to the " jesty to direct the Ifi'ue of Exchequer Bills, to a li- vincen°and " mited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner Grenada, "

" therein mentioned," be now read a Second Time. committed.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to provide for the more Bill for more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Trans- speedy Pay-port Bills, that shall be issued in future, be now read &c! Biin, a Second Time. committed.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ®,11g°Jmtecur" Bill for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties Duties on in-on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds. dentures, d-c.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow"

Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- a®® Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, payand That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Mi- cloathmgof litia, in that Part of Great Britain called , for the Mllltia *

One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1797, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Steele, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank j £>vemor of England do attend this House on this Day, when the Governor Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Bank to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply atten ‘e granted to His Majesty, shall be taken into Considera- tion;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr,

420

Rtport Sup. Mr. Hobart, accordi to Order, reported from the Committee of the House, to whom it was re-

ferred tocorfider further the Supjdy granted to His Majdl y, the liefolution which the Committee had directed him to revolt to the Hou/e; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 1 able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Temporary Rejb/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Advances to That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thou (and the Empcior. pouncjs> gr:inted to His Majesty, upon Account, to enable Mis Majesty to make such temporary Advances, by Way of Loan, for the Service of the Emperor, at inch Times, and in such Manner, as His Majesty may judge most expedient, with a View to the Prosecution of Military Operations in an early Period of another Campaign.

Tie laid Resolution being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " whenever the Engagements respecting the last Loan shall " have been fuJnJied, on the Part of his Imperial Majeify, or satisfactory Reasons given to this House for " rlio Failure in thuie Engagements."

And the Qucuien being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Reiblution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Trade wish Tire House war. moved, That an Act, made in the r H fro Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, bc°conridcred° intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing " of Snipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing " Frauds, and regulating Abulcs, in the Plantation " Trade," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"lhe Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be newr received, reported. The Lord Hawkefoury accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he wras directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring m a Bill to authorize His Majesty, for a Time to he limited, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good liGpe.

And the Lord Hawkesbury moved the 1 louie accordingly-

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

authorize His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope: And that the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CoTTv.nittee cn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Kfvou«t Ac- to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which counts. were presented to the House upon the i 8th and 31st

ji. 1796.

Days of October last, by Mr. Owen, from the Dire dors of the East India Company, be now read And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had conic to several Rdblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committed to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in menting th this present Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act Militia.

" for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be " trained and exercised in the Manner therein direeled; and for enabling His Majesty to cauie the " same to be embodied, in case of Nece/Tity, for the " Defence of these Kingdoms," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, a:ul made kvcral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieule to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Edward James EH A accordingly reported from reported the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had cii-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thar flax Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be luflicient for the LTeof the Members of the lloule.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day, for tire House Comnjjttee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Adforniuij upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Cavaliy. this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provillonal Force " of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Ncceftity, for " the Defence of these Kingdoms," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;


The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker Eft the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had tii-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. _ v

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Edward James Elkt accordingly reported from reportnL the said Committee, the Amendments winch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the iloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Cleik'sTable: Where tire Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon 7 hurl'd ax Morning next.

Ordered,

20° Decembris.

C-

I..:-

U'V-

Committee on Bill to amend Ait for railing Men in England for tire Army and Navy.

teported.

Report of fcuitoms additional Duties Bill, farther fconsidered.

Kxcile additional Duties Bill, passed.

37 Geo. III. 10° JDecembris.

'221

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be fuiHcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act: " for raising a certain Number of Men in the several " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's " Army and Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him td report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great,

except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or Carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on British Plantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, was committed, be now taken into further Conllderation. »'

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, several of them were ditagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 5. To leave out "and Coffee."

Pr. 9. 1. is. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 29. Pr. 10. 1. 3. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth,"

Vol. 5L

Pr. 10. 1. 19.

1- 33-

Pr. 11. 1. 10.

1. 23.

Pr. 12. 1. 5.

1. 16.

Pr. 13; 1. 12.

1. 29.

Pr. 14. 1. 11.

1. 20. Pr. 15. 1. 2. 1. 11. i 35 *

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth,"

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

Pn 16. 1. 7. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

1. 43. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

Pr. z 7. 1. 3. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

1. 27. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

Pr. 18. 1. 8. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

1. 25, To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

1, 31. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

Pr. 19. 1. 16. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth "

i. ai. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

Pr 20. 1. 7. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth."

1. 19. To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Ninth,"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants Petitnri from of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to East Indl the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Affairs increaTethdr of the Petitioners require a permanent Advance of a Capital Stock, considerable Sum of Money, beyond what the Petitioners can raile under the Powers now veiled in them by Law; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be expedient that the Money, so wanted by them, should be raisetl by an Increase of their Capital Stock, but tl'.ey cannot increase the same without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, anti to extend the Provisions now exilting, rcipefting the present Stock of the Company, to the said inereased Stock, or that such other Relief may be given to them in the Premises as to the House lTiall seem meet.

3 L Ordered,

J

l!

222

20° — 2i° D.

179

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Bill for alter-ini; the Rates of llolhge, pulled.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Anno Prayers.

Mercuriiy 21° die Decembris;

Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

37

OR D Viscount Stopferd reported to the House, Answerw

Scotch Distillery Rill, repot tcJ.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for altering certain Rates of Foliage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland reljtertively, and of Packets to and from threat Britain, from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America, respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for altering certain Rates of Portage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland, re-

spertivdy, and of Packets to and from Great Britain,

from and to Portugal, and the British Colonies in America, respectively; and for letting apart, at the Receipt

of the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Re- 1 j That their Address of Monday last (to return His Address. \-enues of the Port Office, the Annual Sum of Forty Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gra-thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased cious Melfage: To allure His Majesty, that this House Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock creat- will, immediately, enter into the Consideration of such ed, by any Art: or Arts passed in the Thirty-filth Year Measures as may appear to them to be moll expedient of the Reign of His present Majesty. for enabling His Majesty to continue such temporary

Ordered, That Mr. Long'd0 carry the Bill to the Advances to the Emperor as may (if the Failure of His Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Majesty's earned Endeavours to effert a general Peace,

on l'ecure and honourable Terms, should unfortunately Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the Report from render another Campaign unavoidable) be necessary, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill with a View to the Prosecution of Military Operations for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties with Vigour and Effert: at an early Period) had been on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was Britislt-mxdc Spirits from England to Scotland, and from plealed to receive the same very graciously.

Scotland to England, was committed.

Mr Long accordingly reported from the said Com- A Petition of the Reverend William Harris, Proprie- Newlyn Pi

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made for of the present Pier at Newlyn, in the Parish of Paul, p«ltlon-to the Bill, and which they had direrted to be reported to in the County of Cornwall, and of the several other the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Inhabitants of the said Parish, Merchants, and Fish at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Curers, and of Thomas Love, and others, of the Town Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One of Penzance, in the same County, Merchants, and Fish by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Curers, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants

of the said Village of Newlyn, concerned in the curing of Fish within the same Village, was presented to the

upon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Distillers to deliver up their Licences, and to be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

gr oiled.

mgr

Committee o\i Kill for tx-V.i'isyr the /rime for delivering in

N t\ y,

\c.

House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Fishery is carried on at Newlyn aforesaid, but the Petitioners and others engaged in it are exposed to many Inconveniences and Lolfes, from the Want of a larger and more convenient Pier for the Protection of their numerous Boats and Craft; and that those Inconveniences and Lolfes may be prevented, and the said Fishery considerably extended, by the building and maintaining of a competent Pier, in a proper Situation, which the Petitioners conceive may be ealily effected, by the Sale of a small Plot of Common Land belong-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing to the Village, assisted by a Duty on Pilchards and to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House other Fish, and a Tonnage or Duty on Vessels which upon the Bill for extending the Time, limited by an may derive Advantage from the intended Works: And Art of this SeOTion, for delivering in Navy, Virtualling, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Transport, and Exchequer Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House relalved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

'1 1 'AM H

Mi

Bill forefferting the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may lcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they it shall appear to them, to the House: had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment And it is referred to Sir Lemon, Mr.

thereunto; which they had direrted him to report, when &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow lorning, at" the House will please to receive the same. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Campton To-The other Order of the Day being read; and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, mmkted.'

'1 he Bill for the better railing and ordering the Mi- and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

otherwise cum Shefford, in the

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pit!,

cov'-t- l'tu Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Parish of ot

ud..... Middlesex, was read a Second Time. County of Bedford,

paved, That the Bill be committed. Resolved, That tl

&7Z }{

{;jr»

Southwark

Flexion,

determined.

Southwark Return to be amendedi

Greatford Inclosure Peti-dan.

37 Geo.HL '2 i° Decembris. 223

Pitt, Mr. St. John, See.: And they are to meet this Mr. and Air. do prepare, and

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's bring in, the tame.

Chamber.

The Lord presented to the House, accord-

Mr. Edward James Eliot, from the Select Committee, ing to Order, a Bill to authority His Majesty, for a who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of Time to be limited, to make Regulations respecting the the Petition of George 'Tierney, Esquire, complaining of Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good an undue Election and Return for the Borough of South- Hope: And the tame was received j and read the First work, informed the House, 1'hat the said Select Com- Time.

mittee have determined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

That George ll oodford Theltuffm, I'.squire, is not duly Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Tomorrow Morning.

the said Borough of Southwark:

And also. That the said Selcft Committee have determined.

That George Tierney, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said George Tierney, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said George Thellujfon, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House,

Ordered, That the Deputy Cleric of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the lad; Return for the Borough of Southwark, and amend the fame, by raling out the Name of George Woodford Thellujfon, Esquire, and inserting the Name of George,

Esquire, instead thereof.

A Petition of George Earl of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Owner of the greatest Part of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Grein the County of Lincoln; and that the Owners or Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in the adjoining Parish of Barholm, in the said County, are, in respect thereof, entitled to Rights of Common in, over, and upon, a certain Part of the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, within the said-Parish of Greatford, which, in their present Open State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioner, and the several other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the said Rights of Common extinguished: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Lands, and Grounds, of and within the said Parish of , and

also for letting out and allotting Land, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the said Rights of Common, belonging to the said Owners or Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parish of Barholm, in, over, and upon, a certain Part of the said Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Greatfordaforesaid, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuatu to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Vol. 52.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order; reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the tSth and 31st Days of October lait, by Mr. Ozven, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Rei'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vizi

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from _ Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1792-3 to 1794-5, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Seventy-leven Lacks Forty-two thousand One hundred and Thirty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads which were estimated, for the Year 1 794-5, to amount to Five Crore Fifty-eight Lacks Six thousand and Sixty-eight Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore Ninety-three Lacks Seventy-nine thousand Three hundred and Fourteen Current Rupees,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, cf col led ing the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated, for the Year 1794-5, at Three Crore Twenty-seven Lacks Eighty-lix thou-fanc} Three hundred and Forty-five Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore Forty-seven Lacks Seventy-three thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Current Rupees,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and from

Benares and O/.v/e, under the Heat Is of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1795-6, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Five Crore Sixty-three Lacks Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of colliding the Revenues and Culloms, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1795-6, are ellimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of

Bill for regu luting the Trader with the Cape of Good Hope, presented.

Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts *

C.

.224 2i° Decembris. A. 1796.

of Three Crore Fifty Larks Eighty-eight thousand amount to Sixty-three Lacks Ninety thousand Two Two hundred and Twenty-six Current Rupees. hundred and Thirty Rupees.

Resolved', That it appears to this Committee, That RThat it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Proficiency of Fort Saint George , and the Settlements the Residency of Fort , and its Depcnden-

subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern cies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences *

Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1791 -a Port Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subfi- to 1793-4, both inclusive, to Eighteen thousand Six dies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and hundred and Eleven Spanish Dollars.

the Nizam, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, Ref That it appears to this Committee, That which were estimated, for the Year 1794-5, to amount the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the to Forty-six Lacks Thirty-eight thousand Two hun- several Settlements in , amounted, according to dred and Ninety-three Pagodas, amounted to Forty- the latest Advices, to the Sum of Six Crore Eighty-one four Lacks Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and Lacks Thirty-seven thousand Three hundred and Sixty-Fifty-five Pagodas. fix Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That ReJ'olved, That it appears to this Committee, That the the Charges incurred by th e East India Company, at Partoftheaforesaid Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements Five Crore Thirty-two Lacks Eighty-eight thousand Six subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern hundred and Eighty-one Current Rupees, and that the Circars, under the respective Heads of Port Office, Civil, Interest thereon amounted to Forty Lacks Two thou-Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and sand Five hundred and Twenty-three Current Ru-Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1794-5, pees.

to amount to Forty-four Lacks Fifty-five thousand Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Six hundred and Seventeen Pagodas, amounted to the Value of Assets in India', conlifting of Cash in the Forty-four Lacks Twenty-two thousand Eight hundred Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be and Twelve Pagodas. shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use or the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at Sale, amounted, according to the latest Advices (in the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements eluding Current Rupees Four Crore Seventy-one subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Lacks Fifty-five thousand Six hundred and Thirteen,

Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1795-6, of Debts stated to be owing to the Company there) to are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, Eight Crore Eighty-six Lacks Seventy-two thousand to amount to Fifty Lacks Sixty thousand and Seventy- Six hundred and Sixty-three Current Rupees, five Pagodas. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balance of Stock, in Favour of the East India Com-the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East ndia pany's Commerce in China, amounted, according to Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the latest Advices, to the Sum of Five hundred and The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Twenty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1795-6, are estimated, by nine Pounds.

the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum of Forty-six Lacks Eleven thousand Nine the Effects of the East India Company in England, and hundred and Sixty-eight Pagodas. afloat Outward, consisting of Annuities, Cash in the

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Treasury, Goods fold not paid for. Goods unfold, Car-the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at goes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- amounted, on the ift of March 1796, to the Sum of dinate thereto, amounted, on an Average of Three Twelve Millions and Twenty-four thousand Three hun-Years, 1792-3 to 1794-5, both inclusive, to the Sura of dred and Twelve Pounds.

Twenty-five Lacks and Sixty Rupees. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the India Company's Goods, which, the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- amount to Four Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-dinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year eight thousand One hundred and Twenty-leven 1794-5, to amount to Thirty-one Lacks Thirty-two Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1795-6, to the Sum thousand One hundred and Four Rupees, amounted to of Six Millions Five hundred and Eighty-eight thou-Twenty-leven Lacks Seventy-seven thousand and Six sand Nine hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds, hundred Rupees. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at agreed to by the House.

the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- .

dinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the , ng s pUr 1794-5, to amount to Sixty-seven Lacks Thirty-three Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties on in-thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one Rupees, the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on In-amounted to Sixty-two Lacks Three thousand Seven dentures, Leates, Bonds, and other Deeds, was com- tl>u x hundred and Sixty-eight Rupees. mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at report to the House , and he read the Report in his the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements sub- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ordinate thereto, for the Year r795-6, are estimated. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Twenty-three Lacks Ninety-eight thousand and Thir- Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question teen Rupees. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Resolved', That it appears to this Committee, That Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India ingrafted.

Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Set- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tkments subordinate thereto, in the Year 1795-6, are Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then estimated, by the Governor and Council at Bombay, to ingrafted.

Mr.

.la

37 Geo. III.

2i° Decembris.

25

Bill for extending the Time for delivering in Navy, <?cc. Bills, reported.

.Account, See. of African Company, presented.

Scotch Distillery Bill, passed.

Mr. Long) according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Time, limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to rep#t to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Shcolbred, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1795 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expenditure " under its proper Title And a Ho,

A Paper, intituled, " 1795 — Orders and Rcgu-u lations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to Le perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers arc prclerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

following,

be referred to the said Com-

French Refugees.

American Suite: c:j.

Index to Lords Jour- ' iuls,-&c.

i oth October mittce.

Ordered That the Account of Monies issued to John IVilmoty Esquire, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Lilt Kevenues, on Account of the fullering Refugee Clergy and Laity, &c. of France, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money iftmd to Thomas Cottony Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Lilt Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Thomas Evance, Esquire, as an Allowance to himself and Thomas Brodiey Gentleman, who were appointed to continue and perfect the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords; and to fames Wyatt,

Esquire, Surveyor or Comptroller of the Office of Works, for Fixtures at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have Mr> Bradley been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence for D°. of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Port [mouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will be America ami

Mr. Campbell for Convitts.

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of Euft Flo.vu Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scot- £.3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Suiierers,‘ land, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits - "

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, be now.read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting Distillers to withdraw their Licences in Part.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties cn Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Bill to the

The Loris have agreed to

Vink's Nat. Bill.

Hinrichs's Nat. Bill.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts

rtferred.

His Majesty's

Service

Abroad.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing IVynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued from

Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments, which became due on the iotly Day of October 1796, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Britishi Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of Enf Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1797, together with the Sum of £. 6. 51. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1797, after the same Rate of £.3. iol per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6. 51. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

'Fhen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

Money ifTu d pursuant to Addresses.

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues for His Majesty's directed him to report, when the House will please to Service Abroad, between the 5th April 1796 and the receive the same.

Vol. 52. 3 M Ordered,

(! I

226

21° — 22° D

u4. 17961

Committee of Ways and Means *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow third George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Morning. " extending and improving the Trade to Africa-" and

Mr. Hobart a lfoacquainted the House, That he was that they have inverted the Money, granted in the Jart directed by the Committee to move, that they may Session of Parliament, for the Support and Maintenance have Leave to tit again. of the Forts and Settlements upon the said Coast:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- That, upon the Representation of the Petitioners, in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole their last Petition to the House, of the ruinous Condi-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to tion of the British Forts and Settlements in , of

His Majesty. the great additional Expences of late Years in re-

building and repairing the said Forts, of the increased The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Expence of Civil and Military Establishments, and of a Committee of the whole House, to consider further the very heavy additional Charges in consequence of of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to the War, by all which they had incurred a considerable

His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

Debt, the House was plealed to grant an additional Sum for the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements; and that the Petitioners now beg Leave to represent, that all the said increased Expences still exist in their utmost Extent, and, in Addition to

Committee on Bill for more speedy Payment of Navy, fee. Bills.

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him the fame, that, in the present Year, they are subject to to report, when the House will please to receive the a very considerable further Increase, owing to the ad fame. vanced Prices of various Articles of Merchandize and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Provisions: And that the Petitioners, being fenlible of Morning. the great Regard shewn by the House for the Prefer-

Mr. Hobartalfo acquainted the House, That he was vation, Improvement, and Extension, of the Trade to

directed by the Committee to move, that they may Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the have Leave to lit again. British Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Pre-

mises into Consideration, and grant such Sum, as may be l'ufficient, as well for the Expences already incurred, as for the Extra Expences in consequence of the War, and likewise for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

»ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in future, be npw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for allow-Ing Time for

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Borough of Southwark Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 2" die Decembris;

Anno 37 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Southwark cording to Order, amended the Return for the Retu>

— - 0 - amended.

tain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an wife interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Here-Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre- ditaments, in the Parish of Wefon, in the County of sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Set Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, felimited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Man- veral Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, " ner, therein mentioned.''

IniSment on whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Weifon in-certainExche- for the Payment of Instalments to become due on cer- thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or other- c.lofure PcU

quer Bills, re- - 3..... - ' & - - - - - -- ‘"n-

lative to the Islands of St.

Vincent and Grenada, deferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

African Company's P«tl-tion.

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Im-And he moved the House accordingly; and, having provement, and that it would be greatly to the Ad-offered to present to the House, vantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors,

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Merchants trading to Africa , Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Per-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's fons interested therein, according to the Value of their Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And there-having been informed of the Contents of the said fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before

Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the House, an Account of the Money granted for the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Year 1795, examined and passed by the Curfitor Baron Mr. William Baker and Mr. Plumer do prepare, anil of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty- bring in, the fame.

§ Sir

Ipfwich Paving Petition, reported.

Bill for regulating the Tnufe with the Cape of Good Hope, committed.

Report Way and Means.

Discount on Loan.

37 Geo. III.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of in the County of

Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Squire being examined, said. That the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have expended a considerable Sum of Money in carrying on the several Works thereby authorized to be performed, and great Pfogrels hath been made therein; but it is found that the Money

22 ]

authorized to be raised and borrowed by virtue of the said Aift, is inefficient to defray the Expence of finishing and completing the said Works; and that in order to enable the said Commissioners fully to carry the Intention of the said Act into Execution, it is necessary to empower them to raise a further Sum of Money, and also to make some Amendments and Alterations in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipfwichin the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Singleton presented to the House, pursuant to Account of

their Order, Debt refcn

An Account of the Ordnance Debt incurred, and ed. ,pree hot provided for by Parliament, on 30th 1796.

And the Title of the said Account was read *

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

22° Decem.

An ACCOUNT of the Ordnance Debt incurred, and not provided for by Parliament,

on 30th November 1796.'

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on Acount of Contingencies at Halifax in Nova Scotia - -

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands ——

Exceedings on Account of Sea Service, beyond the Grant by Parliament for 1796 - -

£ d.

15a 19 8

3>9 3 & 29,859 7 6

33>935 9 10

Office of Ordnance,

7th December 1796.

A. Ross,fho' Baillie. Singleton.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to authorize His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 52.

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the Sum of Eighteen Millions, to be raised by Annuities, by. any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament, at any Time on or before the 13th Day of January 1797, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Ditcount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on Ninety Pounds of every One hundred Pounds so completed, to be computed from the said 13th Day of January, to the 31st Day of October following: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money between the 13th Day of January 1797, and the 17 th Day of March following, shall be allowed art Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on Ten Pounds of every One hundred Pounds so completed, to be computed from the said 17 th Day of March to the 31st Day of October following; and an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on Eighty Pounds of every One hundred Pounds so completed, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the said 31st Day of October following.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered

Jm. L

Proceedings rotative to Mode of Recruiting in India, ordered.

Extracts of Correijiond-ence, ordered.

Committee on Tower Hamlets Militia

Bill.

Motion relative to Comts of Justice in India.

Nog.

The Lords have agreed to

We ft on Zoy-land Inclosure Kill, with Amendments.

Petitions of Planters, &c. of bt.Vincent's and Grenada, referred to Committee of Supply.

Report Supply.

228 22° Decembris. A. 179

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rdblution: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rofey and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, < nd bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Proceedings of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and of the General Court of Proprietors, from the 2d February to the 21st December 1796 relative to the establishing a better Mode of recruiting the Company's Military Establishments in India; together with the several Papers referred to therein, including such Parts of the Military Arrangements lent out to India in 1 796, as relate to the same Sub-je&\ -

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of such Parts of the Correspondence between the Court of Directors of the East India Company, the Governor General and Council, and the Governments of Fort Saint George and Bombay, from the lft September 1786, to the Date of the latest Advices received, as have not been laid before the General Court of Proprietors. *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tozver Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of the Orders of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor General and Council of Fort William for establishing new Courts of Criminal Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and of the Directions that have been given for the Proceedings of the said Courts;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr, Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of IVeflon Zoyland> in the County of Somerset; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, Tint the Petition of the Planters and others of His Majesty's Island of Saint Vincent, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, Tint the Petition of the Planters and others of His Majesty's Island of Grenada, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refciutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in

his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,- AHgwnncw That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton,

Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have lu fie red on Account of their Attachment to Mis Majesty's Government.

RcJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty'i That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-one thousand Abroad Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Five Shillings / and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been ifllied at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Lilt Revenues, for 11 is Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5tlr Day of April 1796 and the 10th Day of October following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, French Refa That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty SCL'S thousand and Ninety Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of the Inhering Clergy and Laity of France, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thus Committee, Surveyor of That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eighty- xtuix-s.0 one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to 11 is Majesty," to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to James Wyatt, Esquire, Surveyor or Comptroller of the Office of Works, for Fixtures at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, index to That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Sixty- our; nine Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to

o 7 o

His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Evance, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as an Allowance to himself and Thomas Bro-diC) Gentleman, who were appointed to continue and perfect the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, Mr. Cmipbell That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand One fjrCo‘luas hundred Eighty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to Ills Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell) Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River 7ha.mes, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, m-. Bradley That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Four for D# hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to lies Majesty, to mike good the like Sum which has been issued to James Bradley) Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langflone and Portsr-.iih Harbours, and which has not been made good by Par- . liament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, American That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Six sulfcrlri. hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1797, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reran of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such

ft- fr pet

37 Geo. III.

22° Decembris.

22<)

Address Money.

Bill for more speedy Payment of Navy, drc. Bills, reported.

Poor Bill, ordered.

L'i

Report of Bill to amend Act for augmenting the Militia, further con-<i tiered.

Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy DifTentions in , and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Refolded) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and Sixty-three Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be ilfaed in future, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and iie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary

Dnndas, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Mr. At-

torney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for providing an " Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and " exercised in the Manner therein clirested; and for " enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of tlicfe Kingdoms," was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Peribn enrolled under this Act, shall, during his Service, be liable to be cholcn by Ballot to lerve in the Militia under any other Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of the Act as requires every Person enrolled to swear that he is a Protestant.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, empowering Persons to offer themselves to serve as Substitutes for any Sub-division, and directing the Proceedings thereupon.

Anu the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 52.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing p. certain Allowance to be made to Substitutes out of the Poor's Rates.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.'

A Message from the Lords, by Air. IVilmot and Air. The Lords Popham: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Btil intituled, An Neutral Ships Act to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty- BlU-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for railing Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way An *

of Annuities; without any Amendment;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of Bill into further Consideration the Report from the Com- !° amLnd

r 1 iitr/- . 1 r, for railing Ca-

mittee of the whole House, to whom the Btll to ex- vain, further plain and amend an Act, made in this present Session cwiiidered. of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to " be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence " of these Kingdoms," was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest, with an Amendment to One of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Horse of Fourteen Hands or upwards shall be rejected on Account of its Height.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of the Act, as requires every Person enrolled to lwcar that he is a Protestant.

And the said Clause was Twice read 5 and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. v

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-g rolled.

The House, according to Order proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Com- fo/raWng mittce of the whole House to whom the Bill to ex- Men in Eng-plain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a cer- Navy, further " tain Number of Men, in the several Counties in col"uk,'rdEngland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and

" Navy," was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, ' upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause w-as offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a further Time for carrying the Act into Exe cution;

3 N And

Customs additional Duties BiiJ, palFed.

Bill for fc-curing Stamp Duties on Indentures, See, passed.

Bill for extending the Time for delivering in Navy, &c. Bills, passed.

230

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-graded.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within,

except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise, and for reducing the Drawback on BritisliPlantation Coffee and Cocoa Nuts exported, was, according to'Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great , except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for lleduftion of the Drawbacks " and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increased Charge occa-honed by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, was, apeording to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrafted) for extending the Time, limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Time, limited by an Act

220 — ‘23° D

A. 179

* ories or Royalties, or any Land " or Lands, incident or belong-. " ing thereto, but that every " such Lord or Lords, Lady or " Ladies, of Manor or Manors, " shall and may at all Times " hereafter hold and enjoy all' " Rents, Services, Fines, Courts, kt Courts Leet and Baron, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, " Goods and Chattels of Felons "‘'and Fugitives, Felons of themselves, and put in exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfei-' " tures, and all Royalties and " Privileges to the said Manor or " Manors respectively incident,

" appendant, belonging, or appurtenant (other than and' except such Common of Pafturage, or Right of Common, as " can or may be claimed by or " belonging to him, her, or them,

" as Lord or Lords, Lady or La *

" dies, of such Manor or Manors respectively, upon the " Commonable Failures and " Lands hereby intended to be " divided and inclosed as aforesaid) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents " and Purposes, as he, she, or " they held and enjoyed the same " before the passing of this Act,

" any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof ' " notwithstanding; and in case

" any Disputes shall arise between „ " any Lord or Lords, Lady or

" Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, touching any such Rights " as aforesaid, it shall be lawful " for any such Lord or Lords,

" Lady or Ladies, to try the " same at Law', at any Assizes " which shall be holden for the " said County of ."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Lords Amendments to Wilton Zoyland Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Dichnfon, Senior, have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Failures, within the Parish of IVeflon Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. Leave out " the Soil thereof, and of."

Pr. 33. 1. 3. After " fame" iafert Clause (A).

Clause (A.) " And it is hereby Declared and

to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 230 die Decembris; Anno 37 Georgii IIIrfl Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Enacted, That nothing herein- _ Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im-before contained snail in any- mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

of

Royal Arfcrtf to Bills.

" wife prejudice, lessen, or defeat " the Right, Title, or Interest of " any Lord or Lords, Lady or " Ladies, of any Manor or Manors of, in, and to any Seigni-

37 Geo. Ill *

3 DecembrH *

231

of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury,the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and teveral other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Aflfent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and' the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl named

also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the'Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation, and for amending the several Acts relating the reto:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale, through Barr,ford and Birtle,to Bury, and for making and main-

taining Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of L:

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Guide Post, at or near a certain Place called Sudden Bridge, in the Township of within the

Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the North Easterly End of a certain Street or Place in the Town of Bury,within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called C/erkeStreet, and for making a new

Road, from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Cajlleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale. Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pitts, in the said Township of Cajlleton:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie, Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for othei' Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of AHer, in the County of

Sorrier jet *

Vol. 52.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for naturalizing Charles:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravel/i:

An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Bore/, Henry Borel, Louis Borel, and Stephen Azerna: An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blarlrock:

An Act for naturalizing George Choumert:

An Act for naturalizing WynaudAdriaen de Gray ter

Vink:

An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Dunton In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and c,olure Bill, Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- preente monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying-in Seve- Allcannings ralty, thfc Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open committed,1 Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tytilings of Allcannings and Allington,in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Eyemouth Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick, was Huibuur 911, read a Second Time. _ co"cd<

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Me. Allar-dyce, Mr. Aujlruther,&c: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's,

Chamber.

The House Was moved, That the Petition of Robert Order for con-Belfches, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of October last, complaining of an Petition, diA undue Election and Return for the County of Stirling-, charged, and also, the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday, the 23d Day of February next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed that, I:nee the presenting of the said Petition, the said Robert Esquire, is dead;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Whittlebury. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton (except the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of tlewood, or Whittlebury) and for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter's and Long Hedge was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq Mr.

Lefevre, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Wingilok larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- Roads Bill, ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George conumtt" ' the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Bajing/loke through PophamLane, Sutton Scotney,

and.

232 230 Decembris. A. 1796'.

and Rockbridge,in the County of Southampton, to a

Place called Lobcmb Corner, in the County of IVills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.' Hobart, Mr. Chute, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House hrin the611' to re ve into a Committee of the whole House, TraJe with upon the Bill to authorize His Majesty, for a Time to r 5au°f limited, to make Regulations respecting the Trade ope‘ and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dircdlcd him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ' Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One by One; and, 'upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to SuPP,y-consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jsfty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Money Account of advanced by the Bank of England, for the Public Ser- Money advice, and out Handing on the ill October 1796, be re-ferred to the said Committee. ferred.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lords have agreed to

High-ham Incloi'ure Bill.

Muntz's Nat. Bill.

Norwich and North Wal-Ih im Road Bill.

Street Indo-sure Bill, with an Amendment.

Tower Hamlets Militia Bill, reportec1.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pophan;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of High-ham, in the County of Somerset, and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham lying

partly within the said Parish of High-ham, and partly within the Parish of Huish Epifin the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Magdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms inn, in North in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Trad of Waite Land, called Moor, in the Parish of Streetaforesaid; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better railing and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the §

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to provide for the more Bill for more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Trans- of Navy. port Bills, that shall be issued in future, was, according &c. Bills, to Order, read the Third Time. pafrtll‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Tranl'port Bills, that shall be issued in future.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Bill toamEnd Ad, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti- gTifc' tuled, " An Act for providing an Augmentation to Militia,piMthe Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner " therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to " cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity,

" for the Defence of these Kingdoms," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing Overleert of the Poor, to give to Substitutes such a Sum as shall be fixed by the Sub-division Meeting, and to reimburse themselves out of the Rates.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

itself

Googt

37 Geo. III. 23 ° Decembris. 233

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to " be trained and exercised in the Manner therein dirested; and for enabling His Majesty to cause the " same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the " Defence of these Kingdoms."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend The Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act for railing Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti-theTfo'rd tuled, " An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a Time. Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in

" case of Necessity, for the Defence df these Kingdoms," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that whenever the Number of Volunteers registered for any Sub-division shall amount to the Proportion specified, all Appointments made, and Ballots taken, shall be void.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to ' be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Mode of Proceeding in the Cafes where the Volunteers shall not amount to the Number specified.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Proceedings respecting any Class already made, or any Appointment or Ballot already had, shall be annulled, except in the Cafes therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing any Person enrolled before the Corps shall be embodied, to resign on producing a Substitute.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Names of Quakers to be struck out of Lifts, and for imposing a Fine upon them for each Horse *

Vol. 52.

And the said Clause tVas brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill One of the Blanks with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, rclolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles William Rouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by. Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Payment of a certain Sum by the Receiver General, for Subftt > tutes called out and embodied.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a certain Sum;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

And the House being informed that several other Clauses were intended to be offered to be added to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third 3 O Reading

34

3e — 24° Decembris.

A. 179

Bill to amend Att for 1 ailing Men in England, for the Army and Navy, deferred.

Mary-le-Bone Burying Ground, &c. Petition, reported.

and amend an Act:, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Nuniber of Men, in the several Counties in,

" for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati,24° die Decembris;

Anno 37° Georgii III1" Regis, 1796. Prayers.

R. TheophilusMetcalfe reported from the Committce, to whom the Petition of the several

M

Afiicott Inclosure Petition,

Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Morning. Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part

of King's lying in the Parish of Street, in the

The other Order of the Day being read; County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain a certain Parcel or Trad of Waite Land, called Turf

Min the Parish of Street aforesaid. And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 23. After " mentioned" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And it is hereby Declared and " Enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall in anywise prejudice, lefien, or defeat " the Right, Title, or Interest of " any Lord or Lords, Lady or " Ladies, of any Manor or Ma- nors, of, in, and to any Seigni-' " ories or Royalties, or any Land " or Lands, incident or belonging thereto, but that every l'uch ' " Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies,

" of Manor or Manors, shall and " may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services,

" Fines, Courts, Courts Leet and " Baron, Perquisites and Profits of " Courts, Goods and Chattels of " Felons and Fugitives, Felons of " themselves and put in exigent,

" Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all Royalties and " Privileges to the said Manor or " Manors respectively incident,

" appendant, belonging, or appurtenant (other than and except such Common of Pafturage or Right of Common, as " can or may be claimed by or " belonging to him, her, or them,

" as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor or Manors " respectively, upon the Commonable Pastures and Lands " hereby intended to be divided " and inclosed as aforesaid) in as " full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they held " and enjoyed the same before " the passing of this Act, any " Thing hereinbefore contained " to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and in case any Difputes shall arile between any " Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies,

" of any Manor or Manors, touching any such Rights as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any " such Lord or Lords, Lady or " Lftdies, to try the same at Law,

" at any Assizes which shall be " holden for the said County of " ."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards (delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Jones being examined, said, That the said Parish is of very great Extent, and hath greatly increased in Population, and that on Account thereof, the present Cemeteries, or Grounds allotted for the Burial of the Dead, are found not to be sufficiently large; and that it would be of great Convenience to the said Parish, if the Veftjymen were enabled to erect a Chapel, and other Buildings, for the Residence of a Clergyman,

Clerk, and Sexton, near to the Cemeteries, and were empowered to allow them sufficient Salaries for the Discharge of their several Duties.

And the Witness further said. That the said Vestrymen have agreed for the Purchase of a convenient Plot of Ground to be appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an additional Cemetery, or Burial Ground, for the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of

Middlesex: And that Mr. Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr.

Dickinson, Senior, and Mr. Baldwin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. . *

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish

of Aficott, in the County of Somerset, divers Commons,

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Grounds, be-, longing to the Petitioners, and others, who are delirous that the same should be divided and inclosed, which would tend greatly to their Advantage: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill _ -

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons, was> upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands, in the the House.

lhat Mr. , Senior, do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

lliips.

Parish of Aficott aforesaid, with such Powers, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Senior, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lorch

Amt mlment to Street Incloiiire Bill, a'-rctui to.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better railing gui, paired, and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets,

Tire House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, in the County of be nowr read.

9

And

v

37 Geo. III. 240 Decembris. 235

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better raising and ordering the Mi litia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of MiddhjiX.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report Sup- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the p'y- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Accommoda- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; trad in to °nS That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thousand Grenada and Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Mast. Vincent s. jesty to issue the like Sum to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Accommodation of such Peffons con,-nested with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as shall be desirous of receiving the fame, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sum so advanced, within a Time to be limited.

Moneyad- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, wnced by the That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Fifty-four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to repay to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the like Sum, which has been advanced by them on the Credit of the Growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1795.

Rty and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cloathing of That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventy-the Militia. seven thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1797.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes,

" and in the Manner, therein mentioned," is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions.

General Re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, inTheEastrCeS a Copy General Return received from Ge-

indics, order- neral Abercromby, of the Establishment, Strength, and ed wanting to complete, of the following Regiments of

His Majesty's Forces in the East Indies, viz. the 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons; Two Companies of Royal Artillery; and the 36th, 52ft, 71ft, 72ft, 73d, 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th Regiments of Foot.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Recruits rent Account of the Number of Recruits raised and sent ordered.' to India, for the following Regiments, in His Majesty's Service, in the East Indies, in the Years 793, 1794, and 1795, viz the 36th, 52d, 71ft, 72d, 73d, 74th, 75th,

76th, and 77th Regiments of Foot; and a Return of the Recruits for the above Regiments sent to Chatham Barracks, betw'een the 31st June and 30th , in

each Year.

kt'i'ngThe 11 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Trade with Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to authorize His

Good Hope, Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to make Regulations'

paired. ' Vol. 32.

respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee dn a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ;n‘g Time for" allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments Payment of to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of

r J - J r on certain

Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year or Exchequer the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ®in > r?JUv.e " for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Ex- 0fst Vincent " chequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Pur- a" 1 Grenada. " poles, and in the Manner, therein mentioned."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Bill to amend journed Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the in- cavalry grofled Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this paired: ' present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the " Defence of these Kingdoms."

And another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Deputy Lieutenants who have omitted, or shall hereafter omit, to meet at the Times prescribed by the Act, to meet and execute the Powers thereof at other Times-.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. xo. 1. 35. To leave out the Clause beginning in that Line.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of " Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Bin to amend made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, Men in e! -8 " An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the land, for the " several Counties in England, for the Service of His "$ed.

" Majesty's Army and Navy," was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that Persons enrolled to serve in the Army, shall be delivered at the nearest Place of Rendezvous, or at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, or at Chatham Barracks.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another

24° — 26° Decembris. A. 1796.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that if any Volunteer shall desert, after Delivery at the Place of Rendezvous, the Parish which shall provide another Man, shall be entitled to receive a certain Proportion of the Bounty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that whenever Volunteers for the Army shall be entered in any Regiment, whole Head Quarters shall not be within the County, it shall be lawful to convey them to the Head Quarters, or to Chatham Barracks, as the same may require, and directing when the Bounty Money shall be paid.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering Overseers to deliver any Person raised for the Army, at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, or at Chatham Barracks; and directing the Manner in which they shall pay the Remainder of the Bounty Money.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of lvyder, for making Allowances to Parishes, for conveying Volunteers for the Army or Navy to Head Quarters, Chatham Barracks, or on Board any of His Majesty's Ships of War.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a certain Sum for such Allowance;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the famS.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Person shall be enrolled to serve in the Army, under a certain Height.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, being the Schedule containing the Form of the Attestation.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 34. To leave out from " in" to " And" in Pr. 2. 1. 2. and insert " the " Manner, and according to the " Form, in the Schedule to this " Act annexed mutan-

" dis)r

Pr. 6. 1. 15. To leave out from " serve" to " be," in 1. 17.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army " and Navy."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

A Petition of Henry Wienholt was presented to the Wienholt' House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat-Petition, given to bring in a Bill fqr his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr, Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Theophilus Metcalfe presented to the House, ac- Mary-ie-Bone cording to Order, a Bill for providing an additional 5uryinf. Cemetery, or Burial Ground, for the Parish of Saint Bil°, Uprcfenti Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeon a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bright Di- Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of Alexander Morrice was presented to Morrice'tP . the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having been adjudged guilty of a Breach of the Pri- from Confine-vilege of the House, was, by the Warrant of the Speaker, nient. bearing Date the 8th Day of December Instant, committed to the Custody of the Keeper of His Majesty's Gaol of Nezvgate, where he has remained ever since; and that the Petitioner, previous to such his Commitment, had been in the Custody of the Sctjeant at Arms of the House for several Days, whereby, and by his present

37 Geo. III.

i6° Decembris.

m

The Lords have agreed to

Excise additional Duties

Bill.

Stride Coaches additional Duty Bill.

Scotch Diitil-lery Bill.

J Bill for altering the Rates t Poitage.

WV-:

Nr.:-

present Confinement, his Health is much impaired, and heavy Expences have accrued, which, through the deranged State of the Petitioner's Affairs, he is very unable to lultaln; and that the Petitioner feels a just Senle of the Offence for which he ft confined: And therefore prays the House to take his Situation into lerious Consideration, and afford him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Alexander Morrice be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged; and that Mr. Speaker do itfue his Warrants accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Stranger:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of i>V/7////-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; without any Amendment: And alibi

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering certain Rales of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland, respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal, and the British Colonies in America, reflectively; and for letting apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Poll Office, the Annual Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment.

V:t E.-:

fUr#

King's Mcf-i;u;c reflecting the Negotiation with France.

r, —

fiV.:-'-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Air. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, that he had a Message from 11 is Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he delivered the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followed!; viz.

GEORGE R.

It is with the utmost Concern that His Majesty acquaints the House of Commons, that His earned Endeavours to effect the Restoration of Peace have been unhappily frustrated; and that the Negotiation in which He was engaged has been abruptly broken off, by the peremptory7 Refusal of the French Government to treat, except upon a Balls evidently inadmiiTible, and by their having, in consequence, required His Majesty's Plenipotentiary to quit Paris within Forty-eight Hours.

His Majesty has directed the several Memorials and Papers which have been exchanged in the Course of the late Discussion, and the Account transmitted to I Iis Majesty of its final Result, to be laid before the House.

From these Papers, His Majesty trusts, it will be proved to the whole World, that His Conduct has been guided by a sincere Desire to effect the Restoration of Peace on Principles suited to the relative Situation of the Belligerent Powers, and eflcntiai for the permanent Interests of His Kingdoms, and the general Security ot Europe; whilst His Enemies have advanced Pretentions at once inconsistent with those Objects, unfup-VOL. 52. x

ported even on the Grounds on which they were pro-felled to rest, and repugnant both to the System eihi-blished by repeated Treaties and to the Principles and Practice which have hitherto regulated the Intercourse oflndepencient Nations.

In this Situation His Majesty has the Confchtion of reflecting, that the Continuance of the Calamities of War can be imputed only to the unjust and exorbitant Views of His Enemies; and His Majesty, looking forward with Anxiety to the Moment when they may be tlifposed to ad on different Principles, places, in the mean Time, the fulleft Reliance, under the Protection of Providence, on the Wisdom and Firmness of His Parliament, on the tried Valour of His Forces by Sea and Land, and on the Zeal, Public Spirit, and Resources of His Kingdoms, for vigorous and effectual Support in the Prclecution of a Contest which it does not depend on His Majesty to terminate, and which involves in it the Security and permanent Interests of this Country, and of Europe.

G. R.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That His Majesty's laid most Gracious Mef-sage be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Thursday" and inserting the Word u Monday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Thursday" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That His Majesty's laid most Gracious Mcf-sage be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Bill for allowing Time for Payment of Inltdlments cn certain Exchequer Bills, relative to the; I (lands of St. Vince: it and Grenada, re-» ported.

Air. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act "for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, u and in the Manner, therein mentioned," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several[y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Sir Charles Banbury presented to the House, accord- ipswich Pav. ing to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more pr *

elieftual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting,

1 cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipfveich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein:

And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being rc id;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Morn- Supply, de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcrred' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

3 P ine ,1 ' "

ferred.

H *

I!

26° — 2 70 Decembris.

A. 1796.

ing next, telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-niofrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

im

t>u!tten tn-elolure Bill, committed.

Bright's tii vorce Bill, faffcdi

Eerbyftiire

Writ.

perby Writ#

fienbigh

Writ.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for secur-

ing Stamp Duties on Indentures, &c.

Bill for extending the Time for delivering in Navy, &c. Bills.

Bill for regulating the Trade with the Cape of Good Hope.

Martis, 2 70 die Decembris; Anno 370 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Operi and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Duntori, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr John

Pitt, Mr. OJborn,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the plefting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room . of the Right honourable John commonly called Lord John Cavendish, deceated.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in the room of the Light honourable George Augijlus Henry Cavendish, commoniy called Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of E Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, in the room of Richard Esquire,

deceased;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; without any Amendment: And also,

.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce z

to and from the Cape of Good Hope-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Rc-,e duftion of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed " on the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any I.oan granted, or Stock created, by any Act. or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament; w'ithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Alexander Morrice was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of that Part of the Military Arrangement lent to India in January 1796, which relates to the Education of Officers intended for the Corps of Engineers and Artillery, and for making an adequate Provision for their Education at the Royal Military Academy of W oolwich.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by W ay of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, " to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the " Manner therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pits: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further T:,".e f > the Payment

9 o m *

of Instalments, to become clue on e r.uin Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant 10 an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the lieign of Jlis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct " the Issue of Exchequer Bids, to a limited Amount, for " the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned/' and for granting further Belief to Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Canning presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper,intituled, " Declaration" — dated Hrestminster % December 27th, 1796.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was alloread.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

DECLARATIO N,

The Negotiation which an anxious Desire for the Restoration of Peace had induced His Majesty to open at Paris, having been abruptly terminated by the French Government, the King thinks it clue to Himfclfand to His People, to state in this public Manner the Circumstances which have preceded and attended a Transaction of so much Importance to the general Intercfls of Europe.

It is well known that early in the present Year His Majesty, laying aside the Consideration of many Circumstances

Customs &ddi. tioiul Dutic *

Bill.

Morrice repri mantled and discharged.

Part of Military Arrangement lent to India in 1796 ordered.

Bill for allowing Time for Payment of Instalments on certain Exchequer Bills, relative to the Islands of St. Vincent and Grenada, passed.

Decln ratiot presented

X

BiI

fti:

M.Tcff

hr

R:!i r>- *

fore:

I'Jinc

rrifl-c:

V:u:.

Gr

37 Geo. III. 27s Decembris. 239

cumstances of Difficulty and Discouragement, determined to take such Steps as were bell calculated to open the Way for Negotiation, if any corresponding Desire prevailed on the Part of His Enemies. He directed an Overture to be made in His Name by His Minister in Swijferland, for the Purpose of ascertaining

the Dilpositions of the French Government with respect to Peace. The Answer which He received in return was at once haughty and evasive: It affected to question the Sincerity of those Dilpositions of which His Majesty's Conduct afforded To unequivocal a Proof; it raised groundless Objections to the Mode of Negotiation proposed by His Majesty (that of a general Con-gress, by which Peace has so often been restored to Europe); but it ftudioully passed over in Silence His Majesty's Desire to learn what other Mode would be preferred by France. It at the same Time asserted a Principle which was Hated as an indispensable Preliminary to all Negotiation; a Principle under which the Terms of Peace mull have been regulated, not by the usual Considerations of Justice, Policy, and reciprocal Convenience; but by an implicit Submission on the Part of all other Powers to a Claim founded on the internal Laws and separate Constitution of , as having full Authority to supersede the Treaties entered into by independent States, to govern their Interells, to controul their Engagements, and to dispose of their Dominions.

A Pretension in itself so extravagant could in no Instance have been admitted, or even lillened to for a Moment. Its Application to the present same led to nothing less than that France should, as a Preliminary to all Dil'cuffion, retain nearly all her Conquells, and those particularly in which His Majesty was moll concerned, both from the Ties of Interest, and the sacred Obligations of Treaties: That She should in like Manner recover back all that had been conquered from her in every Part of the World: And that She should be left at Liberty to bring forward such further Demands on all other Points of Negotiation, as such unqualified Submission on the Part of those with whom She treated could not fail to produce.

On such Grounds as these it was sufficiently evident that no Negotiation could be established: Neither did the Answer of His Majesty's Enemies afford any Opening for continuing the Difculfion, since the Mode of Negotiation offered by His Majesty had been peremptorily rejected by them, and no other had been Hated in which they were willing to concur.

His Majesty was however not discouraged even by this Result, from Hill pursuing such Measures as appeared to Him moH conducive to the End of Peace; and the Wilhes of His Ally the Emperor, corresponding with those which His Majesty had manifeffed, Sentiments of a similar Tendency were expressed on the Part of his Imperial Majesty at the Time of opening the Campaign: But the Continuance of the same Spirit and Principles on the Part of the Enemy, rendered this fresh Overture equally unsuccessful.

While the Government of France thus perfiffed ip obfiru-fling every Measure that could even open the Way to Negotiation, no Endeavour was omitted to millead the public Opinion throughout all Europe with jd'pest to the real Cause of the Prolongation of the War, and to caff a Doubt on those Dilpositions which could alone have dictated the Steps taken by His Majesty and His auguff Ally.

In order to deprive His Enemies of all Possibility of Subterfuge or Evasion, and in the Hope that a just Sense of the continued Calamities of War, and of the increasing Diffreffes of France herself, might at length have led to more juff and pacific Dilpositions, His Majesty renewed in another Form, and through the Intervention of a Friendly Power, a Proposal for opening Negotiations for Peace. The Manner in which this Intervention was received, indicated the moss hoffile VOL.52.

Dispositions towards Great , and at the fame

Time afforded to all Europe a Hriking Inffance of that injurious and offensive Conduct which is observed on the Part of the Government of France towards all other Countries. The repeated Overtures made-in His Majesty's Name were nevertheless of such a Nature, that it was at lass found impossible to perfiff in the absolute Rejection of them, without the direct and undisguised Avowal of a Determination torefufe to Europe all Hope of the Refforation of Tranquillity. A Channel was therefore at length indicated through which the Government of France professed itself willing to carry on a Negotiation, and a Readiness was expressed (though in Terms far remote from any Spirit of Conciliation) to receive a Minister, authorized by His Majesty to proceed to Paris for- that Purpose.

Many Circumstances might have been urged as affording powerful Motives against adopting this Suggestion, until the Government of France had given some Indication of a Spirit better calculated to promote the Success of such a Million, and to meet these Advances on the Part of Great Britain. The King's Desire for the Refforation of General Peace on just and honourable Terms, His Concern for the Interests of His Sub je<fls, and His Determination to leave to His Enemies no Pretext for imputing to Him the Consequences of their own Ambition, 'induced him to overlook every such Consideration, and to take a Step which thele Reasons alone could justify

The repeated Endeavours of the French Government to defeat this Million in its Outlet, and to break off the Intercourse thus opened, even before the First Steps towards Negotiation could be taken; the indecent and injurious Language employed with a View to irritate, the captious and frivolous Objections raised for the Purpose of obstructing the Progress of the Difcuf-lion; all these have sufficiently appeared from the Official Papers which passed on both Sides, and which are known to all Europe.

But above all, the abrupt Termination of the Negotiation has afforded the moll conclusive Proof, that at no Period of it was any real Wilh for Peace entertained on the Part of the French Government. '

After repeated Evasion and Delay, that Government had at length consented to establish, as the Balls of the Negotiation, a Principle proposed by His Majesty, liberal in its own Nature, equitable towards His Enemies, and calculated to provide for the Interests of His Allies, and of Europe. It had been agreed that Compensation should be made to France by proportionable Restitutions from His Majesty's Conquells on that Power, for those Arrangements to which she should be called upon to consent, in order to satisfy the just Pretensions of His Allies, and to.preserve the political Balance of Europe. At the Desire of the French Government itself, Memorials were presented by His Majesty's Minister, which contained the Outlines of Terms of Peace, grounded on the Balls so established, and in which His Majesty proposed to carry to the utmost possible Extent, the Application of a Principle so equitable as with reipecl to France, and so liberal on His Majesty's Part. The Delivery of these Papers was accompanied by a Declaration expressly and repeatedly made, both Verbally and in Writing, that His Majesty's Minister was willing and prepared to enter, with a Spirit of Conciliation and Fairness, into the Difculfion of the different Points there contained, or into that of any other Proposal or Scheme of Peace which the French Government might wilh to substitute in its Place.

in Reply to this Communication, he received a Demand, in Form the moll offensive, and in Subllance the moss extravagant, that ever was made in the Course of any Negotiation. It was peremptorily required of him that in the very Outlet of the Business, when no Answer had been given by the French Government to his First Propolal. when he had not even learnt, in any

regulsy

v,

240 2 7° — 28°

regular Shape, the Nature or Extent of the Objections to it, and much less received from that Government any other Offer or Plan of Peace, he should in Twenty-four Hours deliver in a Statement of the final Terms to which his Court would in any same accede. A Demand tending evidently to Ihut the Door to all Negotiation, to preclude all Dilcuffion, all Explanation, all Possibility of the amicable Adjudment of Points of Difference. A Demand in its Nature preposterous, in its Execution impracticable, since it is plain that no such ultimate Resolution respecting a general Plan of Peace ever can be rationally formed, much leis declared; without knowing what Points are principally objected to by the Enemy, and what Facilities he may be willing to offer in Return for Concession in those Respects. Having declined Compliance with this Demand, and explained the Reasons which rendered it inadmissible, but having, at the same Time, expressly renewed the Declaration of his Readiness to enter into the Discussion of the Proposals he had conveyed, or of any other which might be communicated to him, the King's Minister received no other Answer than an abrupt Command to quit Paris in Forty-eight Hours. — If, in Addition to such an Insult, any further Proof weie necelfar of the Dispositions of those by w'hom it was ottered, such Proof would be abundantly supplied from the Contents of the Note in which this Order was conveyed. The ?\Jode of Negotiation on wdiich the French Government had itself infilled, is there rejected, «nd no practicable Means left open for treating with Effect. The Basis of Negotiation lo recently efiabiished by mutual Conlent, is there difeiaimed, and, in its Room, a Principle clearly inadmissible is re-affci ieu as the only Ground on which France can conlent to treat The very same Principle which had been brought forward in Reply to His Majesty's First Overtures from iandy which had then been rejected by His Majesty, but which now appears never to have been in Fact abandoned by the Government of , hovvev'er in-

c.onfiftent with that on which they had expressly agreed to treat.

It is therefore necessary that all Europe should under'1 stand, that the Rupture of the Negotiation at Paris does not arise from the Failure of any sincere Attempt on the Part of France to reconcile by fair Discussion the Views and Interests of the contending Powers: Such a Discussion has been repeatedly invited, and even fcli-cited on the Part of His Majesty, but has been in the First Indance, and absolutely, precluded by the Act of the French Government.

It arises exclusively from the Determination of that Government to reject: all Means of Peace: A Determination which appeared but too drongly in all the Preliminary Difculiions; which was clearly manifeded in the Demand of an Ultimatum made in the very Outset of the Negotiation; but which is proved beyond all Possibility of Doubt by the obdinate Adherence to a Claim wdiich never can be admitted. — A Claim that the Condrudion which that Government act'eds to put (though even in that Respect unsupported by the Fad) on the internal Condifution of its own Country, dial] be received by all other iN'ations as paramount to every known Principle of Public Law in as

superior to the Obligations of Treaties, to the Ties of common Intered, to the most preding and urgent Considerations of general Security.

On such Grounds it is that the French Government ‘has abruptly terminated a Negotiation, which it commenced with Reluctance, and conducted with every Indication of a Resolution to prevent its final Success. On these Motives it is that the further Effusion of Blood, the continued Calamities of War, the Interruptions of peaceable and friendly Intercourse among Mankind, the prolonged Didreiles of Europe, and the accumulated Miseries of France itself, are by the Government of that Country' to be judified to the World.

Decembris. A. 1796.

His Majesty, who had entered into the Negotiation with good Faith, w ho has differed no Impediment to prevent His prosecuting it with Earnedness and Sincerity, has now only to lament its abrupt Termination; and to renew in t he Face of all Europe the solemn Declaration, that whenever His Enemies shall be disposed to enter on the Work of general Pacification in a Spirit of Conciliation and Equity, nothing shall be wanting on His Part to contribute to the Accomplishment of that great Object, with a View to which He has already offered such considerable Sacrifices on His Part, and which is now retarded only by the exorbitant Pretensions of His Enemies.

W'eflmiafter,

December27 th 1796 *

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House *

The House was moved, That the Order, foil taking Confidents into Consideration upon Thursdaynext, His Majesty's sde. most Gracious Message of Yederday, might be read fcmd? '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

O ~ed. That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That His Majesty's laid moll Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " ," and

inserting the Word " Monday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word "

" day" stand Part of the Question;

It was relolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That His Majesty's laid most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Re gis, 1796.

Prayers.

Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Black Rod:

Usher of the

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Atts agreed.upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the I louse of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

? Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the IIoulc, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying th£ Royal Assent to the several Public amd Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, 11 is Royal Highness the Duke of G/oucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of (Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor

Royal A licit to Bills.

AVienhoVs Wat. Bill, presented.

Easterton Inclosure Petition.

37 Geo. III.

of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed!; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cpcoa Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties " now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increated Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of P u liament:

An Act for gunting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distiiieries in Scotland\ and on the Exportation of British-mnAe Spirits from England to Scotland, ai d from Scotland to England:

An Act for altering certain Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respec -tively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal, and the British Colonies in America, respectively; and for setting apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Poll Office, the Annual Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased Charge occa-honed by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds: An Act for extending the Time, limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills:

An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Magdalen Gate, in the City of Norwich, to the King's Anns Inn, in North IValfnam, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of High-ham, in the County of Somerset, and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Dozen, lying partly within the said Parish of High-ham, and partly within the Parish of Hnish Episcopi, in the same County:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish. of We lion Zov/aud, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Scdgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street , in the County of Somerset, and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Trad of Waste Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforesaid:

An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry IVienholt: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Hunt Grubbe, Esquire, Jacob Giddings, John Garratt, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of, and Persons interested in, the several Common Fields, and other Lands, VOL. 52.

241

herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the Hamlet or Tything of Eastccton, in the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds; and that the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and difperled in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the lame, together with the said Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, were divided into speciflc Shares, and allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective Rights and In tore 1L therein, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, Report on upon the 20th Day of this Instant December, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making caiwl Bin. and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, cuv-

in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the County of Corn- c wall, to Dunmcer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in4 the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Rut hern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Tabic, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question feve rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ElftowTn-are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or urePcU-otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Eljiozv, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently difperled and intermixed, and, in their prclent Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and speciflc Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that / 3 Q Mr.

28° Decembris.

342

28° Decembris. A. r 796'.

Mr. Whitbread, Mr. C Mr. and Mr. St.

John, do prepare, and bring in, the fane.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wand

have agreed to

6 Mr. opr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill for more The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

speedy Pay- Ad to provide for the more speedy Payment of all

Sib. Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in future; without any Amendment: And also, Tower Ham- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lu Militia Act for the better railing and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Mid-dlcfex-,without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Aftforaug- Ad to explain and amend an Act, made in this pre-

Mhitiafwitii Cent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Amendments. " providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be " trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to cause the " same to be embodied, in case of Necellity, for the " Defence of these Kingdoms;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

p dTpcti Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, tion, el Proprietors of Land in the Counties o( Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Trustees are appointed, for making and repairing the Roads leading from Gorbals of to Easter Grange, and to , and from

milehouse,by Paifey, to Clerkfbridge, and from Paisley to the Turnpike Road leading to and certain other Roads in the County of Renfrew; and great Progress has been made in making the said Roads, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls leviable by the said Acts, but the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged, and Power given to levy higher Tolls on the said Roads; and that it would be of Advantage to the Public, that the said Roads from Gorbals of Glasgozv to Easier Grange and to Floakbridge, which are in many Places steep and inconvenient, lliould be altered, and should pass from Glasgowto the Confines of the County of Renfrew, at or near the Black Loch, and that the following Roads branching therefrom, and from the other Hoads contained in the aforesaid Acts, or connected therewith, viz. from Darnly Bridge to Upper Darn/y, and to, at, or near, Nei/Jlou, and to Caldwell and to and from that to Paisley by Muir house, and to Be it 6, and from, at, or near, by to

let, and to, at, or near, and to, at, or near,

Renfrew, and from Hurlet to, at, or near, Muirhouses, by House hill and Damfhot, and to Gov an and

fhaws, and from Barrhead, by or near or by

or near Barbour hill, to Paisley, and from, at, or near, Rarlhktan to Linwocd, and from to the Bridge

of llcce, and from, at, or near, to, at, or near,

R aw.. !tree hi!!, ami from, at, or near, by

ch erf:!:, by Houfoun,by Barochan AMI and till it joins the Turnpike Road leading to Greenock, at or near IVefj'em- hill, and from to Largs,

being also in bad Repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, ought to be made and repaired under proper Regulations, and a Fund raised for that Purpose; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Trustees are appointed for making and repairing the Road from the Toll House in Paisley lone, at the West Side

of the Entry to the New Bridge of by or

near Parkhonfe,to the East End of the Bridge at

f ew, and certain Tolls are appointed to be levied thereon, but it has been found that the said Tolls are. not sufficient for making and keeping the said Road in Repair, and paying the Money allowed to be borrowed on the Credit of the fakl Tolls, and that a farther Sum is required for completing the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth of his late Majesty, and in the Tw'enty-ninth and Thirty-second of His present Majesty, for more effectually making and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Gorbals of Glasgow to Eafcr Grange, and to Floakbridge, and from Threemehouse, by to

Clerkfbridge, and from Paifey to the Turnpike Road leading to Muirkirk, and the other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the County of Renfrew, and the Roads herein above-mentioned branching therefrom, or con-nested therewith, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Tollhouse in Paifey at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of Glasgozv, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge of Renfrew.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Alexander, Mr. Allar-dyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Canning presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° I. Copy of Note transmitted by Mr. Wickham to Monsieur Barthelemi; with Translation; dated Berne,

March 8th 1796: And also,

N° II. Copy of Note transmitted from M. Barthelemi to Mr. Wickham-, with Tranllation; dated Bajle, 6" Germinal, 4th Year of the French Kepublick (March 26th 1796): And also,

N° III. Copy of Note, dated Downing Street, April 10th 1796; with Tranllation: And also.

N 1. Copy of Letter from Lord Grenville to Count Wedi'l far If berg; with Translation; dated Downing Street, September 6th 1796: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Note transmitted through the Da-nisi Minister to the Executive Directory; dated Wef-mhtfler, September 6th 1796; with Translation: And alt;x, N° 3. Copy of Letter.from Count IVedcl to Lord Grenville-, dated London, September 23d, 1796; with Tranllation: And also,

N° 4. Copy of Letter from M. Koenemann to Count Wcdel farlfberg-, dated Paris, September 19th 1796; with Tranllation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Note transmitted from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Aftairs at Paris; dated Wcfmhtfer, September 24th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Letter from M. Delacroix to Lord Grenville, inclosing Passports; dated Paris, 11 Vende-maire, the 5th Year of the French ltcpublick, One and Indivilible; with Translation: And also,

N° 7. Copy of Decree of the Executive Directory; dated Vendemaire, the 5th Year of the French lle-

publick. One and Indivilible; with Translation: And also,

N° 7 . Copy of Letter from Lord Grenville to M. Delacroix-, dated Westminster, October 13th 1796; with

Tranllation: And also,

N *

Tapers n-ipedtinjihe Negotiation for Peace, presented.

37 Geo. III.

N° 8. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated 22d 1796;

with Translation: And also,

N° 9. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury; dated Paris, 1" Brumaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

N° 10. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated October 22d; with Translation: And also,

N" ir. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malme/bury; dated 2d maire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

N° 12. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, October 23d 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 13. Extract from the llegifter of the Decrees of the Executive Directory, dated 2d Brumaire, 5th Year of the French Ilepublick, One and Indivisible; with Translation: And also,

N° 14. Copy of Memorial delivered by Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, October 24th 1796; with Translation: Andalfo, N° 15. Copy of Anl'wer of the Executive Directory to Lord Malme/bury'?, Memorial; dated Paris, 5th Brumaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

N° 16. Copy of Note delivered by Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 12th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 17. Copy of Answer of the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malme/burs Note; dated Paris, 22d Brumaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

N° 18. Copy of Lord s Reply; dated

Paris, November 12th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 19. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 33th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 20. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malme/bury; dated Paris, 23d Brumaire, 5th Year; with Translation: Andalfo,

N° 21. Copy of Second Note from Lord Malme/-bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 13th, 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 22. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malme/bury, dated Paris, 23d Brumaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also.

N° 23. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 13th 1796; with Translation: Andalfo,

N° 24. Copy of Note delivered by Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 26th 1796; with Translation :. And also,

N 25. Copy of Answer of the Minister for Foreign Affairs to the Note delivered by Lord Malme/bury, dated Paris, 7th Frimaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

N° 26. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 27th, 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 27. Copy of Note delivered by Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, December 17th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 28. Copy of Confidential Memorial (A); dated Paris, December 17th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 29. Copy of Confidential Memorial (B); dated Paris, December 17th 1796; with Translation: And also,

N° 30. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Malme/bury to Lord Grenville-, dated Paris, December 20th 1796; inclosing,

(A) N° 31. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign' Affairs to Lord Malme/bury, dated Paris, 28,k Frimaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

Vol. 52.

(B) N° 32. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated December 19th 1796; with Translation: And also,

(C) N° 33. Copy of Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malme/bury-, dated Paris, 29''' Frimaire, 5th Year; with Translation: And also,

(D) N° 34. Copy of Note from Lord Malme/bury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated December 20th 1796; with Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved aroongst the other Papers of this Sect'ion; and the said Translations, and One of the said Papers, intituled} " Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Malme/bury " to Lord Grenville; dated Paris, December 2«'a 1796;" are as followeth;

N° I.

TRANSLATION of a Note transmitted by Mr. Wickham to Monsieur;

dated Berne, March 8th 1796.

The Undersigned, His Bri Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to the Swi/sCantons, is authorized to convey to Monsieur Barthelemi the Desire of his Court to be made acquainted, through him, with the Dif-positions of France in regard to the Object of a general Pacification. He therefore requests Monsieur Barthelemi to transmit to him in Writing (and after having made the necessary Enquiries,) his Answer to the following Questions:

i°. Is there the Disposition in France to open a Negotiation with His Majesty and His Allies for the Re-establishment of a general Peace, upon just and suitable Terms; by fending, for that Purpose, Ministers to a Congress, at such Place as may hereafter be agreed upon ?

20. Would there be the Disposition to communicate to the Undersigned the general Grounds of a Pacification, such as France would be willing to propose; in order that His Majesty and His Allies might thereupon examine in Concert, whether they are such as might serve as the Foundation of a Negotiation for Peace ?

30. Or would there be a Desire to propose any other Way, whatever, for arriving at the same End, that of a general Pacification.

The Undersigned is authorized to receive from Monsieur Barthelemi the Answer to these Questions, and to transmit it to his Court: But he is not in any Manner authorized to enter with him into Negotiation or Dif-cuifion upon these Subjects.

Berne, March 8th 1796.

Signed, IV.

N° II.

TRANSLATION of a Note transmitted from M. Barthelemi to Mr. Wickham, dated Btitle. 6th Germinal, 4th Year of the French Republick fMarch26th 1796.)

The Undersigned, Ambassador of the French Republick to the Helvetic/Body, has transmitted to the Exe-

cutive Directory the Note, which Mr. Wickham, His Britannick Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to the Szci/s Canton's, was pleased to convey to him, dated the 8 th of March. He has it in Command to answer it by an Exposition of the Sentiments and Dispositions of the Executive Directory.

The Directory ardently desires to procure for the French Republick a just, honourable, and (olid Peace. The Step taken by Mr. Wickham would have afforded to

the Directory a real Satisfaction, if the Declaration itself,

which

2 8° Decem,


244

28° Decembris.

A. 1796.

which that Minuter maxes, of his not haring any Order, any Power to negotiate, did not give Room to doubt of the Sincerity of the pacifick Intentions of his Court. In Fact, if it was true that England began to know her real Intereds, that she wished to open again for herleif the Sources of Abundance and Prosperity; if (he fought for Peace with good Faith; would the propole a Con-gress, of which the necessary Result mult be to render ail Negotiation endless ? Or would (he confine herself to the alking in a vague Manner that the French Government should point out any other Way, whatever, for attaining the same Object, that of a general Pacification ?

Is it that this Step has had no other Object than to obtain for the Bri'tipi Government the favourable Impression which always accompanies the First Overtures for Peace ? May it not have been accompanied with the Hope that they would produce no Effect ?

However that may be, the Executive Directory, whole Policy has no other Guides than Openness and Good Faith, will follow, in it's Explanations, a Con-dust which shall be wholly conformable to them. Yielding to the ardent Desire by which it is animated to procure Peace for the French Republick and for all Nations, it will not fear to declare itself openly. Charged by the Conditution with the Execution of the Laws, it cannot make or listen to any Proposal that would be contrary to them. The Conditutional Act does not permit it to consent to any Alienation of that which, according to the exiding Laws, conditutes the Territory of the Republick.

With respect to the Countries occupied by the French Armies, and whita have not been united to they, as well as other Intereds, Political and Commercial, may become the Subject of a Negotiation, which will present to the Directory the Means of proving how much it desires to attain speedily to a happy Pacification.

The Directory is ready to receive, in this Respect, any Overtures that shall be jud, reasonable, and compatible with the Dignity of the Republick.

Bade, the 6th of Germinalthe

4th Year of the French Republick (26th March, 1796.)

Signed,

lated to re-edablilli general Tranquillity on Conditions jud, honourable, and permanent: Either by the Eda-blishment of a Congrels, which has been so often and so happily the Means of redoring Peace to Europe; or by a preliminary' Difcufiion of the Principles which may be proposed, on either Side, as a Foundation of a general Pacification; or, ladly by an impartial Examination of any other Way which may be pointed out to Him for arriving at the same salutary End.

Donning Street,

April 10th 1796.

N° x. — TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Count Wt; dated Downing Street, 6th 1796.

Downing Street, September 6th 1796.

Sir,

In Obedience to the Order's of the King my Mader, I have the Honour to transmit to you the inclosed Note, and to requed of you that you will forward it to his DanijhMajcdy's Minider at Paris, to be by him communicated to the Executive Directory'.

The Sentiments of your Court are too well known to the King to admit of His Majesty's entertaining any Doubt of the Satisfaction with which his Danish Majesty' will fee the Intervention of his Miniders employed on such an Occasion, or of the Earnedness with which you, Sir, will concur in a Measur that has for its Ob-jest the Re-establishment of Peace.

I have the Honour to be,

with the most perfect Consideration,

Sir,

Your most humble,

and most obedient Servant,

Grenvihc.

To the Count We del jarljlerg,

2cc. &c. &c.

N° 2. — TRANSLATION of a Note transmitted through the Danish Minider to the Executive Directory; dated Sep~

tember 6th 1796.

N° III.

TRANSLATION of a Note, dated Dozening Street, April 10th 1796.

The Court of London has received from it's Minider in Switzerland ,the Answer made to the Quedions which he had been charged to address to Monsieur Bar-thelemi,in respect to the opening of a Negotiation for the Re-establishment of General Tranquillity.

This Court has seen, with Regret, how far the Tone and Spirit of that Answ'er, the Nature and Extent of the Demands which it contains, and the Manner of announcing them, are remote from any Disposition for Peace.

The inadmissible Pretension is there avowed of appropriating to France all that the Laws actually exiding the re may have comprized under the Denomination of French Territory'. To a Demand such as this is added an express Declaration, that no Proposal contrary to it 'will be made or even lidened to; And this, under the Pretence of an internal Regulation, the Provisions of which are wholly foreign to all other Nations.

While thele Dilpositions fiiall be perfided in, nothing s left for the King but to prclecute a War equally jud and necessary.

Whenever His Enemies shall manifed more pacifick Sentiments, His Majesty will at all Times be eager to concur in them, by lending Himself, in Concert with His Allies, to all such Measures as shall be bed calcu-

His Britannick Majesty, animated with the fame

Desire, which He has already manifolded, to terminate, by jud, honourable, and permanent Conditions of Peace, a War which has extended itself throughout all Parts of the World, is willing to omit nothing on His Part which may contribute to this Object.

It is with this View that He has thought it proper to avail Himself of the confidential Intervention of the Miniders of a Neutral Power, to demand of the Executive Directory' Palfports for a Person of Confidence whom His Majesty would send to Paris with a Commission to difeufs, with the Government there, all the Means the most proper to produce so desirable an End.

And His Majesty- is persuaded that He shall receive, without Delay, through the same Channel, a satisfactory Answer to this Demand, which cannot fail to place in a dill clearer Light the jud and pacifick Dispositions which He entertains in common with His Allies.

Grenville.

Westminster, Scptr6th 1796.

N° 3. — TRANSLATION of a Letter from Count Wedel Jarljberg to Lord; dated

London, September 23d 1796.

My Lord,

I have the Honour to inform your Excellency, that the Note addreded to the Executive Directory of France, in Date of the 6th of the present Month, was transmit- ted

37 Geo. III. a8°

245

ted by Monsieur Koenemann, Charge d'Affaires of his Dimfli Majesty, to Monsieur Delacroix, Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, who promised that an Answer should be returned to it after it had been submitted to the Consideration of the Government. Three Days having elapsed in Expectation of this Answer, Monsieur Koenemann went a Second Time to the Minister above-mentioned, who gave him to understand, that the Executive Directory had not permitted him to return an Answer in Writing, but that he was directed to express himself verbally to this Effect:

" That the Executive Directory of the French Ttepublick would not for the future receive or answer any " Overtures or Confidential Papers transmitted through " any intermediate Channel from the Enemies of the " Republick, but that if they would fend Persons furnished with Full Powers and Official Papers, these " might, upon the Frontiers, demand the Passports " necessary for proceeding to Paris."

I have the Honour to be,

with the most perfect Respect,

My Lord,

Your Excellency's ' Most humble and most obedient Servant, (Signed) Comte de Jarlfberg.

London, September 23d 1796.

N 4. — TRANSLATION of a Letter from M.

Koenemann to Count Wedel JarlJberg; dated Paris, September 19th 1796.

Paris, September 19th 1796.

N° 5. — TRANSLATION of a Note transmitted from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris; dated Westminster, September 24th 1796.

In demanding of the Executive Directory of the French Republick, through the Intervention of the Ministers of a Neutral Power, a Passport for a Confidential Person to be sent to Paris, the Court of London accompanied this Demand, with the express Declaration, that this'Person should be commissioned to difeufs with the Government all the Means the most proper for conducing to the Re-establishment of Peace.

The King, persevering in the same Sentiments, which He has already so unequivocally declared, will not leave to His Enemies the smallest Pretext for eluding a Dif-cuflion, the Result of which will necessarily serve either to produce the Happiness of so many Nations, or at least to render evident the Views and Dispositions of those who oppose themselves to it.

It is therefore in pursuance of these Sentiments, that theunderfigned is charged to declare, that as soon as the Executive Directory shall think proper to transmit to the undersigned the necessary Passports (of which he, by this Note, renews the Demand already made) His -nick Majesty will send to Paris a Person furnished with full Powers, and Official Instructions, to negotiate with the Executive Directory on the Means of terminating the present War, by a Pacification, just, honour . able, and solid, calculated to restore Peace to Europe, and to ensure, for the Time to come, the general Tranquillity.

(Signed) ' Grenville.

Westminster, Septr 27th 1796.

Sir,

I was indisposed at my Country House when your Excellency's Courier brought me the Letters, which your Excellency did me the Honour to write to me on the 7th Instant, together with the Note of Lord Grenville inclosed therein. I set off for Paris on the following Day, where, after demanding an Audience of Citizen Delacroix, Minister for Foreign Affairs, I presented the Note above-mentioned, accompanied by another in my own Name, in which I explained the Motives that had induced me to undertake a Measure for which I had no Authority from my Court. He promised to submit the Two Notes to the Inspection of the Government, and to return me an Answer immediately. Having waited for Three Days without receiving an Answer, I went a Second Time to wait upon the Minister, who, with a very dry Tone, informed me, that the Executive Directory had not permitted him to return an Answer in Writing, but that he was directed to express himself verbally to this Effect:

" That the Executive Directory of the French Republick would not for the future receive or answer any " Confidential Overtures transmitted through any intermediate Channel from the Enemies of the Republick; but that if they would fend Persons, furnished " with Full Powers and Official Papers, these might, " upon the Frontiers, demand the Passports necessary " for proceeding to Paris."

Such, Sir, is the Result of a Measure which I- have taken at your Request. I with, for the Sake of Humanity, that we may meet with better Success at some future Period; but I fear that this Period is still at a great Distance.

I have the Honour to be, with respectful Attachment,

Sir,

Your Excellency's Most humble and most obedient Servant,

Koenemann.

To his Excellency

the Count IVedel JarlJberg.

Vol. 52.

N« 6 — TRANSLATION of a Letter from M.

Delacroix to Lord Grenville, inclosing Passports; dated Paris, w Vthe 5th Year of the French Republick, One and Indivisible,

I have the Honour to transmit to Lord Grenville a Copy of the Decree of the Executive Directory of the French Republick, in Answer to his Note of the 27th September, 1796, (O. S.)

He will there fee a Proof of the earnest Desire of the French Government to profit of the Overture that is made to them, in the Hope that it may lead to Peace with the Government of England.

I have the Honour to send to him, at the same Time, the Passports required for the Minister Plenipotentiary, whom His Britannick Majesty proposes to name to treat j and I request Lord Grenville to accept the Assurance of my personal Willies for the Success of this Negotiation, as well as that of my most perfect Consideration.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

Paris, 11 Vendemaire, 5 th Year of the French Republick.

N° 7. — EXTRACT . from the Register of the Department of Decrees of the Executive Directory. Foreign

1 Affairs.

The 9 th Vendemaire, 5th Year of the French Copy of De Republick, One and Indivisible. crees-

The Executive Directory, upon Consideration of the ift office. Note addressed to the Minister for Foreign Affairs by Lord Grenville, dated Westminster, September 24th 1796, wishing to give a Proof of the Desire which it entertains to make Peace with England, decrees as follows:

The Minister for Foreign Affairs is charged to deliver the necessary Passports to the Envoy of England, who shall be furnished with Full Powers, not only for preparing and negotiating the Peace between the French

3 R Republick

"4-6 a8" Dec 1796.

llepubUck anti that Power, but for concluding It N° 10. — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord ckhmtively between them. to the Minister for Foreign

True Copy, Affairs i dated Paris, 226.

(Signed) L. M. Reve/liere Lepcaux, Prefab" - almeR "u" ' '

By the Executive TY' a'

mem.

'gned) T]UmW'

% the Executive Dircfton, Lefe‘u ' President. P°r the Secretary General,

Certified Trae Copy (S'6ned) Lc The Minister for Foreign Affairs,

% the Minister, Ch'

T. , Sec. Gen.

' TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to M. Delacroix; dated Westminster, October 13th 1796.

Lord Malmesbury, who is appointed by the King to

treat with the French Government for a just and equitable Peace, calculated to restore Repose to and

to cniure the Public Tranquillity for the Time to come, will have the Honour of delivering this Letter from me to M. Delacroix.

The distinguished Rank and Merit of the Minister of whom His Majesty has made Choice on this Occasion, makes it unnecessary for me to say any Thing in his Recommendation: at the same Time that it furnishes a fresh Proof of the Desire of His Majesty to contribute to the Success of this Negotiation: for which Object I entertain the most sincere Wilhes.

Monlieur Delacroix will have the Goodness to accept from me the Assurance of my moll perfect Considera-

tlon . (Signed) Grenville.

IVepninster, Oft 13th }796- . To the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Pans.

a- oreign

— - > viiueu Paris, October 22d. Lord Malmesbury has the Honour to thank the Minister for Foreign Affairs for the obliging Answer which he has just received from him.

He accepts with Pleasure the first Moment proposed,

and will wait upon him Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven o'Clock precisely.

Paris, Oft 22d.

To the Minister for Foreign Affairs.

N°

11.

a ote from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord

Malmesbury; dated Paris, 2"

5th Year.

The Minister for Foreign Affairs has the Honour to apprize Lord Malmesbury, Commissioner Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, that he has received from the Executive Directory the necessary Powers for negotiating and concluding Peace between the RepubHck and His Majesty.

Tomorrow, if Lord Malmesbury pleases, the respective Powers shall be exchanged. The Minister for Foreign Affairs will then be ready to receive the Proportions, which Lord Malmesbury is commissioned to make to the Republick on the Part of His Britannick

M heY Minister for Foreign Affairs requests Lord Malmesbury to accept the Assurances of his high Con-

flderation- Delacroix.

2 Brumaire, An. 5.

(Oft izd 1796.)

(Signed)

N" TRANSLATION of a Note from Lori

Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs;dated October 22d 1796.

LordMa/me/bury, named by His Britannick Majesty His Plenipotentiary to the French liepublick, has the lonour to announce, by his Secretary, to the Minister >r Foreign Affairs, his Arrival at and to request

f him, at the same Time, to be so good as to appoint le Hour at which he may wait upon him, for the iirpose of communicating to him the Object of Iris

liffion.

Paris, Oft 2id 1796. o the Minister for Foreign Affairs.

N° 9. — TRANSLATION of a Note from the Alinifter for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury; dated Paris, 1" Brumaire,

5th Year.

The Alinifter for Foreign Affairs learns with Satis-action the Arrival of Lord Malmesbury, Plempotenti-rv of His Britannick Majesty. He will have the Honour c/reccive him Tomorrow at Eleven o Clock in the iTnrning or at any later Hour that may suit him, till rt n n"Clock. He hopes that Lord Malmesbury will oreive him for thus limiting the Time, on Account of heSNature and the Multiplicity of his Occupations.

1" Brumaire, An. 5.

soft 22d 1796-) t

ro Lord Malmesbury, Minister Plempoten-tiary from His Britannick Majesty to the Li, Republick, at Pans.

N‘ I2 ~lR, RATION of a Note from Lord Ma/msbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Pans, Otlaber 23d 1796.

1 k°,rd, Malmesbury has the Honour to prese'nt his Acknowledgments to the Minister for Foreign Affairs for the Communication which he has just made to him, and he will have the Honour to wait upon him Tomorrow at the Hour which he shall have the Goodness to appoint, to receive the Copy of the Full Powers with which he is furnished on the Part of the Executive Diredory; and as soon as they shall have been exchanged, he will be ready to commence the Negotiation with which he is charged.

He requests the Minister for Foreign Affairs to accept

the Assurances of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Paris, Oft23d, 1796.

N° 13. — EXTRACT from the Regiffer of the Jgment Decrees of the Executive Directory. Ato-

2 Brumaire (Oft 22d) 5th Year of the French Republick, One and Indivisible. crW'

The Executive Diredoiy, after having heard the Re- 0 . port of the Minister for Foreign Affairs: - n

The Citizen Charles Delacroix, Minister g

Affairs, is charged to negotiate a-

Commter "pretend nego-

jetty, fi.rn.lhed with Full Power. md tinl

date Peace between t . , finjtive]y between them.

Power, and to conclude Minister all Powers ne-

The Diredoiy gives to the fatdq( j>eace

cessary for concluding and!>g g j His Britannick

to take place between the Republic Majesty-

a8 Decembris.

37 Geo. III.

Majesty- He shall conform himself to the Instructions which shall be given him. He shall render a regular Account, from Time to Time, of the Progress and of the Issue of the Negotiations.

The present Decree shall not be printed at this Time. A true Copy.

(Signed) L. M. Revelliere.

By the Executive Diredory.

The Secretary General.

(Signed) La garde.

Copy.

The Minister for Foreign Affairs.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

By the Minister.

(L. S.) T. Guiraudet, Sec. Gen.

N° 14. — TRANSLATION ofa Memorial delivered by Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, October 24th 1796.

His Britannick Majesty desiring, as He has already declared, to contribute, as far as depends on Him, to the Re-establishment of Public Tranquillity, and to ensure, by the Means of just, honourable, and solid Conditions of Peace, the future Repose of;

His Majesty is of Opinion, that the best Means of attaining, with all possible Expedition, that salutary End, will be to agree, at the Beginning of the Negotiation, on the general Principle which shall serve as a Balls for the definitive Arrangements.

The First Object of Negotiations for Peace, generally relates to the Restitutions and Cessions which the respective Parties have mutually to demand, in consequence of the Events of the War.

Great Britain, from the uninterrupted Success of her Naval War, finds herself in a Situation to have no Rest i tut ion to demand of France, from which, on the contrary, Ihe has taken Establishments and Colonies of the highest Importance, and of a Value almost incalculable. „

But, on the other Hand, France has made, on the Continent of Europe, Conquests, to which His Majesty can be the less indifferent, as the most important Interests of His People, and the most sacred Engagements of His Crown are essentially implicated therein.

The Magnanimity of the King, His inviolable good Faith, and His Desire to restore Repose to so many Nations, induce Him to consider this Situation of Affairs as affording the Means of procuring for all the Belligerent Powers just and equitable Terms of Peace, and such as are calculated to ensure for the Time to come the general Tranquillity.

It is on this Footing, then, that He proposes to negotiate, by offering to make Compensation to France, by proportionable Restitutions, for those Arrangements to which lhe will be called upon to consent, in order to satisfy the just Demands of the King's Allies, and to preserve the Political Balance of Europe.

Having made this first Overture, His Majesty will, in the Sequel, explain Himself more particularly on the Application of this Principle to the different Objects which may be difeuffed between the respective Parties.

It is this Application which will constitute the Subject of those Dil'cufiions, into which His Majesty has authorized His Minister to enter, as soon as the Principle to be adopted as the general Basis of the Negotiation is known.

But His Majesty cannot omit to declare, that if this generous and equitable Offer should not be accepted, or if, unfortunately, the Difculfions which may ensue, should fail to produce the desired Effect, neither this general Proposition, nor those more detailed which may

Vol. 52.

result from it, can be regarded, in any Cafe, ds Points agreed upon or admitted by His Majesty.

(Signed) >

Minister Plenipotentiary from His Britannick Majesty.

Paris, 24th October 1796.

N° 15. — TRANSLATION of the Ahfwer of the Executive Directory to Lord Malmesbury % Memorial; dated , 5 5 th

Year.

Extract from the Register of the Deliberations of the Executive Directory.

Paris, 5 Brumaire, 5th Year of the Republick, One and Indivisible.

The Executive Directory orders the Minister for Foreign Affairs to make the following Answer to Lord

Malmesbury:

The Executive Directory fees with Pain, that at the Moment when it had Reason to hope for the speedy Return of Peace between the French Republick and His Britannick Majesty, the Proposal of Lord Malmesbury offers nothing but dilatory or very distant Means of bringing the Negotiation to a Conclusion.

The Directory observe, that if Lord Malmesbury Would have agreed to treat separately, as he was formally authorized by the Tenour of his Credentials, the Negotiations might have been considerably abridged; that the Necessity of balancing with the Interests of the Two Powers, those of the Allies of Great Britain, multiplies the Combinations, increases the Difficulties, tends to the Formation of a Congress, the Forms of which it is known are always tardy, and requires the Accession of Powers, which hitherto have displayed no Desire of Accommodation, and have not given to Lord Malmesbury himself, according to his own Declaration, any Power to stipulate for them.

Thus, without prejudging the Intentions of Lord Malmesbury, without drawing any Conclusion from the Circumstance of his Declaration not appearing to accord with his Credentials; without supposing that he has received any secret Instructions which would destroy the Effect of his ostensible Powers; without pretending, in ftiort, to afiert, that the British Government have had a double Object in View — to prevent, by general Propositions, the partial Propositions of other Powers, and to obtain from the People of England the Means of continuing the War, by throwingupon the Republick the Odium of a Delay, occasioned by themselves; the Executive Directory cannot but perceive, that the Proposition of Lord Malmesbury is nothing more than a Renewal, under more amicable Forms, of the Propositions made last Year by Mr. Wickham, and that it presents but a distartf Hope of Peace.

The Executive' Directory further observe, with Regard to the Principle of Retrocessions advanced by Lord Malmesbury, that such a Principle, presented in a vague and isolated Manner, cannot serve as the Basis of Negotiation; that the First Points of Consideration are, the common Necessity of a just and solid Peace, the political Equilibrium which absolute Retrocessions might destroy, and then the Means which the Belligerent Powers may possess — the one to retain Conquests made at a Time when it was supported by a great Number of Allies, now detached from the Coalition; and the other, to recover them at a Time when those who were at first its Enemies, have, almost all, become either its Allies, or at least neuter.

Nevertheless, the Executive Directory, animated with an ardent Dciire of putting a Stop to the Scourge of War, and to prove that they will not reject any Means of Reconciliation, declare, that as soon as Lord Ma/meJ~ bury shall exhibit to the Minister for Foreign Aftairs sufficient Powers from the Allies of Great Britain, for

stipulating

Ho a8° Decembris. 1796.

ftipuhting for their respective Interests, accompanied by a Promile on their Part to subscribe to whatever shall be concluded in their Names, the Executive Diredory will hasten to give an Anfvyer to the specific Propositions which shall be submitted to them, and that the Difficulties shall be removed, as far as may be confident with the Safety and Dignity of the French Republick.

A True Copy.

(Signed) L. M. Revellie President.

By the Executive Diredory,

(Signed) Lagar, Secretary General.

A True Copy.

The Minuter for Foreign Affairs,

Delacroix.

By the Minister,

The Secretary General,

T. Guiraudet.

N° 16. — TRANSLATION of a Note delivered by Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 12th 1796.

The undersigned has not failed to transmit to his Court the Answer of the Executive Diredory to the Proposals which he was charged to make, as an Opening to a pacific Negotiation.

With regard to the offensive and injurious Insinuations which are contained in that Paper, and which are only calculated to throw new Obstacles in the Way of the Accommodation which the French Government professes to desire, the King has deemed it far beneath His Dignity to permit an Answer to be made to them on His Part in any Manner whatsoever.

The Progress and the Result of the Negotiation will ' sufficiently prove the Principles by which it will have been directed on each Side; and it is neither by revolting Reproaches wholly destitute of Foundation, nor by reciprocal Invedive, that a sincere Wi(h to accomplish the great Work of Pacification can be evinced.

The undersigned passes, therefore, to the first Object of Discussion brought forward in the Answer of the Executive Diredory; — that of a separate Negotiation, to which it has been supposed, without the smallest Foundation, that the undersigned was authorized to accede.

His full Powers, made out in the usual Form, give him all necessary Authority to negotiate and to conclude the Peace; but these Powers prelcribe to him neither the Form, the Nature, nor the Conditions of the future Treaty.

Upon these Points, he is bound to conform himself, according to the long established and received Custom of Europe, to the Instructions which he shall receive from his Court; and accordingly, he did not fail to acquaint the Minister for Foreign Affairs, at their first Conference, that the King His Master had expressly enjoined him to listen to no Proposal fending to separate the Interests of His Majesty from those of His , Allies.

There can be no Question then but of a Negotiation which shall combine the Interests and Pretensions of all the Powers who make a common Cause with the King in the present War.

In the Course of such a Negotiation, the Intervention, or, at least, the Participation of these Powers will oubtlefs become absolutely necessary; and His Majesty hopes to find at all Times the same Dispositions to treat, upon a just and equitable Basis, of which His Majesty, the Emperor and King, gave to the French Government so striking a Proof at the very Moment of the Opening of the present Campaign.

But it appears, that the waiting for a formal and definitive Authority on the Part of the Allies of the King, 9

before Great Britain and France begin to discuss, even provisionally, the Principles of the Negotiation, would be to create a very useless Delay.

A Conduct wholly different has been observed by these two Powers on almost all similar Ogcafions; and His Majesty thinks, that the bed Proof which they can give, at the present Moment, to all Europe, of their mutual Delire to put a Stop, as soon as possible, to the Calamities of War, would be to settle, without Delay, the Basis of a combined Negotiation, inviting, at the same Time, their Allies to concur in it, in the Manner the most proper for accelerating the general Pacification.

It is with this View that the undersigned wras charged to propose at first, and at the very Commencement of the Negotiation, a Principle, which the Generosity and good Faith of His Majesty could alone dictate to him — that of making Compensation to France, by proportionable Restitutions, for the Arrangements to which (he will be to consent, in order to satisfy the just Pretensions of the King's Allies, and to preserve the political Balance of Europe.

The Executive Directory has not explained itself in a precise Manner, either as to the Acceptance of this Principle, or as to the Changes or Modifications which it may desire to be made in it; nor has it, in short, proposed any other Principle whatever to answer the same End.

The undersigned, then, has Orders to recur to this Point, and to demand, on that Head, a frank and precise Explanation, in order to abridge the Delays which mult necessarily result from the Difficulty of Form which has been started by the Executive Directory.

He is authorized to add to this Demand the expref9 Declaration, that His Majesty, in communicating to His august Allies every successive Step which He may take, relative to the Object of the present Negotiation, and in fulfilling, towards these Sovereigns, in the most efficacious Manner, all the Duties of a good and faithful Ally, will omit nothing on His Part, as well to dif-pole them to concur in this Negotiation, by the Means the most proper to facilitate its Progress, and insure its Success, as to induce them always to persist in Sentiments conformable to the Wi(hes which He entertains for the Return of a general Peace, upon just, honourable, and permanent Conditions.

(Signed)

Paris, November 12th, 1796.

N° 17. — TRANSLATION of the Answer of the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury' % Note; dated Paris, 22d Bru-maire, 5th Year.

The undersigned is charged, by the Executive Directory, to invite you to point out, without the smallest Delay, and expressly, the Objects of reciprocal Compensation which you propose.

He is, moreover, charged to demand of you, what are the Dispositions to treat, on a just and equitable Basis, of which His Majesty, the Emperor and Ki ;lg» gave to the French Government so striking a Proof, at the very Commencement of the Campaign. The Executive Directory is unacquainted with it. — It was the Emperor and King who broke the Armistice.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

Paris, 22 Brush aire fNovr 12), 5 th

Year of the French Republick.

N° 18. — TRANSLATION of Lord

Reply; dated Paris, November 12th 1796.

The undersigned does not hesitate a Moment to answer the Two Questions which you have been instructed by the Executive Directory to put to him.

The

37 Geo. III. 28° Decembr 249

The Memorial presented this Morning by the undersigned proposes, in express Terms on the Part of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, to compensate France, by proportionable Restitutions, for the Arrangements to which she will be called upon to consent, in order to satisfy the just Pretensions of the King's Allies, and to preserve the Political Balance of Europe.

Before the formal Acceptation of this Principle, or the Propolal, on the Part of the Executive Directory, of feme other Principle which might equally serve as the Basis of a Negotiation for a general Peace, the undersigned cannot be authorized to designate the Objects of reciprocal Compensation.

As to the Proof of the pacific Dispositions given to the French Government by llis Majesty, the Emperor and King, at the Opening of the Campaign, the under signed contents himself with a Reference to the following Words contained in the Note of Baron D'Egle-man, on the 4th of June last.

44 The Operations of War will in no wife prevent his Imperial Majesty from being ever ready to concur, 44 agreeably to any Form of Negotiation which shall be adopted, in Concert with the Belligerent Powers, in the Difcufiion of proper Means for putting a Stop to the farther Effusion of human Blood."

Tins Note was presented after the Armistice was broken.

Malmesbury.

Tarts, November 12th, 1796.

N° 19. — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 13th, 1796.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty requests the Minister for Foreign Affairs to inform him whether he is to consider the Official Note which he received from him Yesterday Evening, as the Answer to that which Lord Malmesbury delivered Yesterday Morning to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, by Order of his Court. He applies for this Information, that the Departure of his Courier may not be oinneceffarily delayed,

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Paris, November 13th, 1796.

N° 20. — TRANSLATION of a Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury; dated Paris, 23d Brumaire, 5th Year.

The undersigned, Minister for Foreign Affairs, declares to Lord Malmesbury, Minister Plenipotentiary from His Britannick Majesty, that he is to consider the Official Note sent to him Yesterday as the Answer to that which Lord Malmesbury had addressed to him on the Morning of the same Day.

(Signed) Charles Delacroix.

23 Brumaire, 5th Year.

November 13th, 1796.'

N° 21. — TRANSLATION of a Second Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 13th, 1796.

Lord Malmesbury has just received the Answer of the Minister for Foreign Affairs, in which he declares that the Official Note which he sent to him Yesterday, is to be considered as the Answer to that which Lord Malmesbury addressed to him on the Morning of the same Day.

Lord Malmesbury will transmit it, this Day, to his Court.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Paris, November 13th, 1796-Vox,. 52. '

N° 22. — TRANSLATION of a Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury, dated Paris, 23d Brumaire, 5th Yean

The undersigned, in Reply to your Second Note of Yesterday, is ordered, by the Executive Directory, to declare to you, that he has nothing to add to the Answer which has been addressed to you He is also in structed to ask you, whether, on each Official Communication which shall take place between you and him, it will be necessary for you to fend a Courier to receive special Instructions ?

(Signed) Charles Delacroix Paris, 23 Brumaire, 5 An.

November 13th, 1796.

N° 23. — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 13th, 1796,

The undersigned will not fail to transmit to His Court the Note which he has just received from the Minister for Foreign Affairs. He declares likewise that he shall dispatch Couriers to His Court as often as the Official Communications made to him may require special Instructions.

(S igned) A Talmesbury.

Paris, November 13th, 1796.

N° 24. — TRANSLATION of a Note delivered by Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, November 26th, 1796.

The Court of London, having been informed of what has passed in consequence of the last Memorial, delivered, by its Order, to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, does not think it necessary to add any Thing to the Answer made by the undersigned to the Two Questions which the Directory thought proper to add refs to him.

That Court waits therefore, and with the greatest Anxiety, for an Explanation of the Sentiments of the Directory, with regard to the Principle it has proposed, as the Basis of the Negotiation, and the Adoption of which appeared to be the best Means of accelerating the Progress of a Difcufiion so important to the Happiness of so many Nations.

The undersigned has, in Confluence, received Orders to renew the Demand of a frank and precise Answer on this Point, in order that his Court may know, with Certainty, whether the Directory accepts that Proposal; or to make any Change or Modifica-

tions whatever in it; or lastly, whether it would wilh to propose any other Principle, that may promote the same End.

Malmefoury.

Paris, November 26th, 1796.

N° 25. — TRANSLATION of the Answer of tie Minister for Foreign Affairs to the Note delivered by Lord Malmesbury, dated Paris, 7lh Frimaire, 3th Year.

In Answer to the Note delivered Yesterday, November 26th, by Lord Malmesbury, the undersigned, Minister for Foreign Affairs, is inilructed, by the Directory, to observe, that the Answers made on the 5th and 22d of last Brumaire, contained an Acknowledgment of the Principle of Compenlarion, and that, in order to remove every Pretext for further Difcufiion on that Point, the undersigned, in the Name of the Executive Directory, now makes a formal and positive Declaration of fiuch Acknowledgment.

3 S Jr *

8° Decembris.

A. 1796.

In Consequence, Lord M is again invited to give a speedy and categorical Answer to the Proposal made to him on the 22d of last and which

was conceived in these Terms: " The undersigned is " instructed by the Executive Directory, to invite " you to designate, without the least Delay, and expressly, the Objects of reciprocal Compensation Which you have to propose."

Ch. Delacroix.

Paris, November 27th.

N° 26. — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairsj dated PNovember 27th, 1796.

The undersigned, Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, in Answer to the Note dated this Morning, which was sent to him by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, hastens to assure him, that he will not delay a Moment in communicating it to his Court, from which he must necessarily wait for further Orders, before he can explain himself upon the important Points which it contains.

(Signed)

Paris, 27th November 1796.

N 27 — TRANSLATION of a Note delivered by Lord Malmejb to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated 17th 1796.

The undersigned is charged to transmit to the Minister of Foreign Affairs the enclosed Memorial, containing the Proposals of his Court, with respect to the Application of the general Principle already established, as the Basis of the Negotiation for Peace.

He will, with the utmost Readiness, enter with that Minister into every Explanation which the State and Progress of the Negotiation will allow, and he will not fail to enter into the Discussion of these Propositions, or of any Counter-Project which may be transmitted to him on the Part of the Executive Directory, with that Frankness and that Spirit of Conciliation, which correspond with the just and pacific Intentions of his Court.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Paris, December 17th, 1796.

N 28 . — (A.)TRANSLATION of the Confidential

Memorial, on the principal Objects of Restitution, Compensation, and reciprocal Arrangement} dated Paris, December 17th 1796-

The Principle, already established, as the Basis of the Negotiation, by the Consent of the two Governments, is iounded on Restitutions to be made by His Britannick Majesty to France, in Compensation for the Arrangements to which that Power may consent, in order to satisfy the just Pretensions of the Allies of the King, and to preserve the Political Balance of Europe.

In order to accomplish these Objefrs, in the Manner the most complete, and to offer a fresh Proof of the Sincerity of His Wishes for the Re-establishment of general Tranquillity, His Majesty would propose, that there should be given to this Principle, on each Side, all the Latitude of which it may be susceptible.

I. His Majesty demands therefore,

1. The Restitution, to His Majesty the Emperor and King, of all his Dominions, on the Footing of the Status ante Bellum.

2. The Re-establishment of Peace between the Germanic Empire and France, by a suitable Arrangement, conformable to the respective Interests, and to the general Safety of Europe. This Arrangement to be ne-

4

gotiated with his Imperial Majesty, as constitutional Head of the Empire, either by the Intervention of the King, or immediately, as his Imperial Majesty shall prefer.

3. The Evacuation of It by the French Troops, with an Engagement not to interfere in the internal Affairs of that Country; which should be re-citabiished, as far as possible, upon the Footing of the Status ante Bellum.

In the Course of the Negotiation, a more detailed Discussion may be entered into of the further Meal'ures, which it may be proper to adopt, rejecting the Objects of these Three Articles, in order to the providing more effectually for the future Security of the relpcclive Limits and Possessions, and for the Maintenance of general Tranquillity.

II. With regard to the other Allies of His Britan-nick Majesty, llis Majesty demands, that there Ire re-served to her Majesty the Lmpret's of all the Raffias, a full and unlimited Power, of taking Part in this Negotiation, whenever the may think fit, or of acceding to the definitive Treaty, and thereby returning to a State of Peace with France.

III. H is Majesty also demands, that her Most Fairh-ful Majesty may be comprehended in this Negotiation, and may return to a State of Peace with France, without any Cession or burthentbme Condition on either Side.

IV. On these Conditions, His Majesty offers to France the entire and unrcfervccl Restitution of all the Conquests which He has made on that Power in the Raft and West Indies, proposing at the same Time that a mutual Understanding iliould be established as to the Means of securing for the future the Tranquillity of the Two Nations, and of consolidating, as much as possible, the Advantages of their relpcclive Possessions. His Majesty offers, in like Manner, the Keftitution of the Islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon, and of the Fishery of Newfoundland, on the Footing of the Status ante Bellum.

But if, in Addition to this. His Majesty were to wave the Right given to Him by the express Stipulations of the Treaty of Utrecht, of opposing the Cession of the Spanish Part of St. Domingo to France, His Majesty wrould then demand, in Return for this Concelfion, a Compensation, which might secure, at least in some Degree, the Maintenance of the Balance of the resp c-tive Possessions in that Part of the World.

V. In all the Cafes of Cessions or Restitutions, which may come in question in the Course of this Negotiation, there should be granted on each Side, to all Individuals, the most unlimited Right to withdraw with their Families and their Property, and to fell their Land and other immoveable Poftessions; and adequate Arrangements should also be made, in the Courte of this Negotiation, for the Removal of ail Sequestrations, and for the Satisfaction of thejuft Claims, which Individuals on either Side may have to make upon the relpcclive Governments.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

N° 29 — fB.JTRANSLATION of the Confidential

Memorial on the Peace with and

Holland-, dated Paris, December 17th,

1796-

The Allies of France not having hitherto expressed any Desire, or Disposition, to treat with the King, His Majesty might have forborne to enter into any Detail on their Account; but in order to avoid any Delays prejudicial to the great Object which the King has in View, and to accelerate the Work of a General Peace, His Majesty will not refuse to explain Himfelfin the first Instance on the Points which concern those Powers. If then, the Catholick King should desire to be comprehended in this Negotiation, or to be allowed to accede

c-

37 Geo. III. 28 0 Decemb 251

cede to the Definitive Treaty, tin's would meet with no Obstacle on the Part of His Majesty. Nothing having hitherto been conquered by either of the Two Sovereigns from the other, no other Point could, at the present Moment, come into Question but that of the Ke-establishment of Peace, simply, and without any Restitution or Compensation whatever, except such as might pofilbly relult from the Application of the Principle declared at the End of the Fourth Article of the Memorial already delivered to the Minister for Foreign Affairs. *

But if, during the Negotiation, any Alteration should take place in the State of Things, in this Retpedt, it will then he proper to agree upon the Restitutions and Compensations to be made on each Side.

With regard to the Republick of the United Provinces 1 h is Brilanuick Majesty and His Allies find

themselves too nearly interested in the political Situation of those Provinces to be able to consent in their Favour to the lle-establilliment of the Status ante Bel-as with rcTpect to territorial Poflessions, unless France could, on her Part, reinstate them in all Respeets in the same political Situation in which they flood before the War.

If at least it were possible to re-establish in those Provinces, agreeably to what is believed to be the Wish of a great Majority of the Inhabitants, their ancient Constitution and Form of Government, His Majesty might then be disposed to relax, in their Favour, from a very considerable Part of the Conditions on which the present State of Things obliges him to insist.

But if, on the contrary, it is with the Republick of Holland, in its present State, that Their and

Imperial Majesties will have to treat, they will feel them-lelves obliged to seek interritorial Acquisitions, those Compensations, and that Security, which such a State of Things will have rendered indispensable to them.

Restitutions of any Kind, in Favour of could

in that same be admitted in so far only as they shall be compensated by Arrangements calculated to contribute to the Security of the AujlrianNetherlands. The Means of accompli firing this Object will be found in the Ceffions which France has exacted in her Treaty of Peace with Holland, and the Possession of which by that Power would in any same be abl'olutely incompatible with the Security of the Austrian Netherlands, in the Hands of his Imperial Majesty.

It is on these Principles that His Britannick Majesty would be ready to treat for the Re-establishment of Peace with the Republick of Holland in its present State. — The Details of such a Discussion trust necesl'arily lead to the Consideration of what would be due to the Interests and the Rights of the House of Orange.

N° 30. — COPY of a Dispatch from Lord Malmef-bury to Lord Grenville; dated Paris, December 20th 1796.

My Lord,

Paris, December 20th 1796. Mr. Ellis returned from London on last the

15th Instant, at Five P. M. and delivered to me the Dispatches No. 11 and 12, with which he was charged by your Lordship.

Although nothing can be clearer, more ably drawn up, or more satisfactory than the Instructions they contain, yet as it was of the last Importance that I should be completely Master of the Subject before I saw the French Minister, I delayed a Iking for a Conference till late on Friday Evening, with a View that it should not take place till Saturday Morning.

He appointed the Hour of Eleven A. M. on that Day, and it was near One before we parted. Although what is said by M. Delacroix before he has communicated with the Directory cannot be considered as officially binding, and probably may, in the Event, be very V01. 52.

different from what I shall hear when he speaks to me in their Name, yet as it is impossible they should not nearly conjcdture the Nature of the Overtures I should make, and of course be prepared in some Degree for them, it is material that your Lordship should be accurately acquainted with the first Impressions they appear to make on M. Delacroix.

I prefaced what I had to communicate with saying, that 1 now came authorized to enter with him into Deliberation upon One of the most important Subjects that' perhaps ever was brought into Discussion — that it's Magnitude forbade all FineJJ'e,excluded all Prevarication, suspended all Prejudices, and that as I had it in Command to speak and act wfith Freedom and Truth, I expected that he, on his Part, would consider these as the only Means which could or ought to be employed if he wiftied to fee a Negotiation, in which the Happiness of Millions was involved, terminate luccefsfully. That, for greater Precilion, and with a View to be clearly understood in what I was about to propose, I would give him a Confidential Memorial, accompanied by an Official Note, both which, when he had perilled them, would speak for themselves. The Memorial contained the Conditions, on the Accomplishment of which His Majesty considered the Rcftonition of Peace to depe nd. The Note was expreftive of His Majesty's Readinels to enter into any Explanation required by the Directory on the Subject, or to receive any retting

on the same Bafts, which the Directory might be dil-posed to give in That, moreover, I did not hesitate declaring to him, in conformity to the Principles which I had laid down, and from which I certainly never should depart, at any Period of the Negotiation, that ,1 was prepared to answ'er any Questions, explain and elucidate any Points, on which it was possible to foresee that Doubts or Misconceptions could arise on the Consideration of these Papers. And having said thus much,

I had only' to remark, that I believed, in no similar Negotiation which had ever taken place, any Minister was authorized, in the first Instance, to go so fully into the Discussion as I now w'as. — That I was sure neither the Truth of this Remark, nor the manifest Conclusion to be drawn from it, would escape M. s Ob-

servation.

I then put the Two Papers into his Hands. He began by reading the Note, on which of Course he could only express Satisfaction. After perusing the Confidential Memorial with all the Attention it deferred, he, after a short Pause, said, that it appeared to him to be liable to insurmountable Objections; that it seemed to require much more than it conceded, and, in the Event, not to leave France in a Situation of proportional Greatness to the other Powers of Europe. He said, the Act of their Constitution, according to the Manner in which was interpreted by the best Publicijls (and this Phrase is worthy Remark) made it impossible for the Republick to do what we requiredi. The Andrian Netherlands were annexed to it; they could not be disposed of without flinging the Nation into all the Confusion which must follow a Convocation of the primary Assemblies; and he laid,-he was rather fur-prised that Great Britain should bring this forward as the governing Condition of the Treaty, since he thought he had, in some of our late Conversations, fully explained the Nature of their Constitution to me. I replied, that ever}' Thing I Mad heard from him on this Point was perfectly in my Recollection, as it probably w'as in his that though I had listened to him with that Attention I always afforded to every Thing he said, yet I had never made him any Sort of Reply, and had neither admitted nor controverted his Opinion: That although I believed I could eastly disprove this Opinion from the Spirit of the French Constitution itself; yet the Discussion of that Constitution was perfectly foreign to the Object of my Million; since, even allowing his Two Pofttions, viz.that the Retroceflion of

the

25 2 280 Decembris. . 1796 *

ths Aujhian Netherlands was incompatible with their Laws, and that we ought to have known that beforehand; yet that there existed a Droit public in Europe paramount to any Droit public they might think proper to establish within their own Dominions; and that if their Constitution was publicly known, the Treaties existing between His Majesty and the Emperor were at least equally public, and in these it was clearly and distinctly announced, that the Two Contracting Parties reciprocally promise not to lay down their Arms without the Reftitutiqfn of all the Dominions, Territories, he. which may have belonged to either of them before the War. That the Date of this Stipulation was previous to their annexing the Auffrian Netherlands to France; and the Notoriety of this ought, at the very Moment when they had passed that Law, to have convinced them, that, if adhered to, it mult prove an in-superable Obstacle to Peace. I applied his Maxim to the West India Islands, and to the Settlements in the East Indies; and asked him, whether it was expected that we were to wave our Right of Possession, and be required still to consider them as integral Parts of the French Republick which must be restored, and on which no Value was to be set in the Balance of Compensation. I also stated the possible same of France having loft Part of what (he deemed her integral Dominions, instead of having added to them, in the Course of the War, and whether then, under the Apprehension of frill greater Losses, the Government, as it was now composed, should consider itself as not vested with Powers Sufficient to save their Country from the impending Danger, by making Peace on the Conditions of sacrificing a Portion of their Dominions to save the Remainder. M. Delacroix said, this was stating a same of Necessity, and such a Mode of Reasoningdid not attach to the present Circumstances. I readily admitted the first Part of this Propofuion, but contended, that if the Power existed,in a same of Necessity, it -equally existed in all others, and particularly in the same before us, fmee he himself had repeatedly told me that Peace wfas what his Country and its Government wished for, and even wanted.

M. Delacroix, in Reply, shifted his Ground, and by a String of Arguments founded on Premises calculated for his Purpose, attempted to prove, that from the relative Situation of the adjacent Countries, the present Government of France would be rcprehenfible in the Extreme, and deserve Impeachment, if they ever suffered the Netherlands to be separated from their Dominions; that by the Partition of Poland, Rvjjia, Austria and Prussia had incrcaled their Power to a most formidable Degree; that England, by its Conquests, and by the Activity and Judgment with which it governed its Colonies, had doubled its Strength. — Your Indian Empire alone, said M. Delacroix with Vehemence, has enabled you to fublidize all the Powers of Europe against us, and your Monopoly of Trade has put you in Possession of a Fund of inexhaustible Wealth. His Words were, " Votre Empire dans I hide vous a fourni les Moyens de falarier toutes les Puijjances centre nous, et vous avez accapare le Commerce de Mauiere questoutes les Richcfj'es Ju blonde fe verfent dans vos Coffees."

From the Necessity that France should keep the Netherlands and the Left Bank of the Rhine for the Purpose of preferring its relative Situation in Europe, he passed to the Advantages which he contended wrould result to the other Powers by such an Addition to the French Dominions. Belgium (to use his Word) by belonging to France, would remove what had been the Source of all Wars for Two Centuries pad, and the Rhine, being the natural Boundary of France, would enlure the Tranquillity of Europe for Two Centuries to come. I did not feel it necessary to combat this preposterous Doctrine; I contented inyfelf with reminding him of what he had said to me in one of our last Conferences, wrhen he made a Companion of the Weak-2

ness of France under its Monarchs, and its Strength and Vigour under its Republican Form of Government. " Nous ne jommes plus dans la Decrepitude de la France Monarch]que, mais dans toute la Force dime Republique adolefcentewas his Expression; and I inferred from this, according to his own Reasoning, that the Force and Power France had acquired by its Change of Government was much greater than it could derive from any Acquisition of Territory; and that it followed, if France when under a Regal Form of Government was a very just and constant Object of Attention, not to say of Jealously, to the other Powers of Europe, France (admitting his Axiom) was a much more reasonable Object of Jealously and Attention under its present Constitution than it ever had yet been, and that no Addition to its Dominions could be seen by its Neighbours but under Impressions of Alarm for their own future Safety and for the general Tranquillity of Europe. M. Delacroix's Answer to this was lb remarkable that I must beg Leave to insert it in what I believe to be nearly his own Words. — " Dans le Fetus Revo/utionaire tout ce que vous di/es, mi Lord, cloit vrai — rien n'egaloit notre PuiJ'anre; mais ce terns ri exijlc plus. Nous ne pouvons plus lever la Nation en Majje pour vo/er au Secours de la Patrie en Danger. Nous ne pouvons plus engager nos Concitoyens d'ouvrir leurs Bvurfes pour les verjlr dans le Trefor National, et de fe priver me me du necessaire pour le Bien de la Chafe Pul 11 que." — And he ended by saying, that the French Republick when at Peace neccl-farily must become the most quiet and pacific Power in Europe. I only observed, that in tins Calc the l\ti-fage of the Republick from Youth to Decrepitude had been very sudden; but that ltill I never could admit that it could be a Matter of Inuirrerence to its Neighbours, much let's one of nceetiary Security to itteit, to acquire such a very extent vo Addition to its Frontiers as that lie had hinted at.

This led M. Delacroix to talk of offering an Equivalent to the Emperor for the Auprian Netherlands, and it was to be found, according to his Plan, in the Secularization of the Three Ecclesiastical Electorates, and several Bishopricks in Germany and in Italy.

He talked upon this Subject-as one very familiar to him, and on which his Thoughts had been frequently employed.

He lpoke of making new Electors, and named, probably with a View to render his Scheme more palatable, the Stallholder, and the Dukes of Brunjivul: and IVurtemberg, as Persons proper to replace the Three Ecclesiastical Electors which were to be reformed.

It would be making an ill Use of your Lordllup's Time to endeavour to repeat to you ail he laid on this Subject; it went in Substance (as lie himieit confessed)y to the total Subversion of the present Constitution of the Germanic Body; and as it militated direfciy against the Principle which both His Majesty and the Emperor laid down so distinctly as the Balis of the Peace to be made for the Empire, I contented mylelf with reminding him of this Circumstance, particularly as it is impossible to dilcufs this Point with any Propriety till his Imperial Majesty becomes a Party to the Negotiation. I took this Opportunity of hinting, that if on all the other Points France agreed to the Prcpcials now made, it would not be impofilble that iomc Jn-crease of Territory might be ceded to her on the Germanic Side of her Frontiers, and that this, in Addition to the Dutchy of Savoy, Nice, and Avigyrn, would be a very great Acquisition of Strength and Power. M. Delacroix here again reverted to the Constitution, and said that these Countries were already cenftitutionally annexed to France. I replied, that it was impossible, in the Negotiation which we were beginning, for the other Powers to take it up from any Period but that which immediately preceded the War, and that any Acquisition or Diminution of Territory which had taken place among the Belligerent Powers lmce it hr it lo ' broke

96.

and

F-

r.

fG,>

".71

if

Wis

!« u

ar H;)

i V, n ‘ i.

X-

; : v

:CU *

rn

ro *

:ia-

''i

i'i

f"<l

lit

n *

i)

s

1

57 Geo. IlL i8 ° Decembns 153

broke out, must necessarily become Subject Matter for Negotiation, and be balanced against each other in the final Arrangement of a General Peace. You then per-fist, said M. Delacroix,in applying this Principle to Belgium? I answered, most certainly; and I should not deal fairly with you if I hesitated to declare, in the Outset of our Negotiation, that on this Point you must entertain no Expectation that His Majesty will relax, or ever consent to fee the Netherlands remain a Part of ‘Ivice. '

M. Delacroix replied, he saw no Prospect in this same of our Ideas ever meeting, and he despaired of the Success of our Negotiation. He returned again, however, to his Idea of a possible Equivalent to be found for the Emperor; but as all he proposed was the Alienation or Dismemberment of Countries not belonging to France, even by Conquest, I did not consider it as deserving Attention, and it is certainly not worth repeating to your Lordship.

1 need not observe that all the Equivalents proposed, however inadequate to the Exchange, were offered as a Return for our Consent that the Netherlands should remain Part of France, of course the admitting them in any Shape would have been in direct Contradiction to my Instructions.

Monsieur Delacroix touched very slightly on Italy}, and the Course of our Conversation did not bring this Part of the Subject more into Discussion.

I must add, that whenever I mentioned the Restoration of the Netherlands to the Emperor, I always took Care it should be understood that these were to be accompanied by such further Cessions as should form a competent Line of Defence, and that France could not be permitted to keep Poflfeflion of all the intermediate Country to the Rhine; and I particularly dwelt on this Point, when I held out the Possibility of admitting an Extension of the Limits of France on the Side of Germany. But as flie French Minister no lei's ftrcnuously oppoled the Restitution of the Netherlands to the Emperor, than I tenaciously infilled upon it, the farther Extension of my Claim could not of Course become a Subject of Argument,

I believe I have nowr, with a tolerable Degree of Accuracy, informed your Lordship of all that the French Minister said on my opening mylelf to him on that Part of my Instructions which more immediately relates to Peace between Great Britain, his Imperial Majesty, and France. It remains with me to inform you what passed between us on the Subject of our respective Allies.

On the Articles reserving a Right to the Court of

Pelerfburgh and to that of Lisbon to accede to the Treaty of Peace on the ft rift Status ante Bellum, the French Minister made no other Remark than by mentioning the Allies of the Iiepublick, and by enquiring whether I was prepared to lay any Thing relative to their Interests, which certainly thcRcpublick would never abandon. This afforded me the Opportunity of giving in the confidential Memorial fB.) relative to Spain and Holland, and I prefaced it by repeating to him the Substance of the first Part of your Lordship's No. 12.

Although I had touched upon the Subject of the Spanish Part of St. Domingo, when I had been speaking to Monsieur Delacroix on the Peace with France, yet, as it did not become a Matter of Discussion between us till I came to mention the Peace with Spain, I thought it better to place all that passed on the Subject in this Part of my Dispatch; it was the only Point on which he entered, but I by no means infer from his not bringing forward some Claims for Spain, that we are not to hear of any in the Course of the Negotiation; on the contrary, I have little Doubt that many, and most of them inadmissible, will be made before it can end. He, however, was silent on them at this Moment, and confined all he had to say to combating the Idea that Spain was bound by the Treaty of Utrecht not to alie-

Vol. 52.

nate her Possession in America. I had the Article copied in my Pocket, and I read it to him. He con-sessed it was clear and explicit, but that Circumstances had so materially altered lince the Year 1713, that Engagements made then ought not to be considered as in Force now: I laid that the Spirit of the Article itself went to provide for distant Contingencies, not for w'hat was expected to happen at or near the Time whenthe Treaty was made, and that it was because the Alteration of Circumstances he alluded to was foreseen as possible that the Clause was inserted; and that if Spain paid any regard to the Faith of Treaties, (lie must consider herself as no less strictly bound by this Clause now, than at the Moment when it was drawn up. I went on by saying, that it did not however appear quite impossible that this Point might be settled without much Difficulty; and that Means might be devised that his Catliolick Majesty should not break his Faith, and both England and France be equally satisfied. I then held out to him, but in general Terms, that either Spain might regain her Part of St. Domingo, by making some considerable Cession both to Great Britain and France, as the Price of Peace, or that, in Return for leaving the Whole of St. Domingo to France, we should retain either Martinico or St. Lucia and Tobago. Monsieur Delacroix listened with a Degree of Attention to these Proposals, but he was fearful of committing him-feIf by any Expression of Approbation, and he diitnified the Subject of the Court of Madrid, by observing, that France never would forsake the Interests of its Allies.

Our Conversation on those of its other Ally, Holland, was much longer, as the Wording of the Memorial inevitably led at Once deep into the Subject.

M. Delacroix affected to treat any Deviation from the Treaty of Peace concluded between France and that Country, or any Restoration of Territories acquired by that Treaty to France, as quite impracticable. He treated as equally impracticable any Attempt atreftoring the ancient Form of Government in the Seven United Provinces. He talked with an Air of Triumph of the Establishment of a National Convention at the Hague4 and with an Affectation of Feeling, that by it the Cause of Freedom had extended itself over such a large Number of People. He, however, was ready to confess, that from the great Losses the Dutch Republick had sustained in its Colonies, and particularly from the w'eak Manner in which they had defended them, it could not be expected that His Majesty would conlent to a full and complete Restitution of them, and that it was reasonable that some should be sacrificed; andhealked me if I could inform him, how far our Views extended on this Point P I said I had Reason to believe that what His Majesty would require w'ould be Poflessions and Settlements which would not add either to the Wealth or Power of our Indian Dominions, but only tend to secure to us their lafe and unmolested Possession. You mean by this, said M. Delacroix, the Cape and Trincomale. I said they certainly came under that Description, and I saw little Prospect of their being restored to the Dutch. M. Delacroix launched forth on this into a most laboured Difiertation on the Value of the Cape of Good Hope, which he did not con-lider at all as a Port de Relac/ie, but as a Possession which, in our Hands, would become one of the most fertile and most productive Colonies in the Eaji\ and, according to his Estimation of it, he did not scruple to afiert, that it would ultimately be an Acquisition of infinitely greater Importance to England than that of the Netherlands to France; and, if acquiesced in, should be reckoned as a full and ample Compensation for them. He added, if you are Mailers of the Cape and Trincomale we shall hold all our Settlements in India, and the Islands of France and Bourbon, cntirelv at the Tenure of your Will and Pleasure; they will be our's only as long as you chuse we should retain

3 T them.

254 i8° Decembris. 1796,

them. You will be foie Matters in India and we shall be entirely dependent upon you. I repeated to him, that it was as Means of Defence, not of Offence, that thel'e Post'essions w'ould be infilled on, and that if the Matter was fairly and dilpaffionately difeufled, he would find that they afforded us a great additional Security, but no additional Power of Attack, even if we were disposed to disturb the Peace of that Part of the World.

If these, and perhaps some few other not very material Settlements belonging to the , were to be infilled upon, and if he would be pleated to enumerate all we should (till have to restore to them, while they had nothing to restore to England, it was impossible not to consider the Terms on which His Majesty proposed Peace to Holland as generous and liberal.

M. Delacroix was not at all disposed to agree with me on this Point, and said, Holland, stript of thele Pof-sections, would be ruined. He then held out, but as if the Idea had just crossed his Mind, the Portability of indemnifying the Dutch for their Losses in India, by giving them a Traifl of Territory towards the Meuse (.1 could not find out whether he meant Aix la Liege, ox the Countries of Juliets and Berg) and hinted, that if this was not to be done, an additional Sugar Island might, perhaps, be ceded to the Dutch Repub-iick. I told him all this might become a Subject of future Discussion, and I conceived, that if wx could agree upon the more essential Points, the Treaty w'ould not break off on these secondary Considerations. Our Conversation had now been extremely long, and M.

DeDicroix ended by saying, that although he had taken upon himself to enter with me thus far upon the Sub-je<fl, yet I mull not consider any Thing he said as binding, or as pledging the Republick, till such Time as he had laid the Papers I had given him before the Directory; and, in order to do this with more Accuracy, he again asked me, whether in his Report he was to state the disuniting Belgium from France as a Sine qua non from which His Majesty would not depart. I replied it most certainly was a Sine qua non from which His Majesty would not depart; and that any Propolal which would leave the Netherlands annexed to France, w'ould be attended with much greater Benefit to that Power, and Loss to the Allies, than the present relative Situation of the Belligerent Powers could entitle the French Government to expect.

M. Delacroix repeated his Concern at the peremptory Way in w'hich I made this Assertion, and asked m£ whether it would admit of no Modification ? I replied, if France could, in a Centre Projet, point out a practicable and adequate one, (till keeping in View that the Netherlands must not be French, or likely again to fall into the Hands of France, such a Propofai might certainly be taken into Consideration.

M. Delacroix by no Means encouraged me to explain myiclf more fully; he repeatedly laid that this Difficulty relative to the Netherlands was one which could not be overcome.

Just as I was taking Leave of him, he begged me to explain w'hat was meant by the Words in the Memorial (A.)in the 4th Paragraph, beginning de tendre mutncltement fur lesM tf assurer, and ending

at Lettrs 1'ofc/hous respeclk'rs.I told him it referred to

rhe destructive System adopted by France in the West Indies, and went toexprefsaWiih, that the Two Powers should agree on some general and uniform System of interna! Police in the Settlements there, which would contribute to the Security of these Possessions to the respective Countries, and at the same Time to the Happiness of every Description of Inhabitants in them.

M. Delacroix, a little hurt at my F.xprefii.m relative to the Syltem adopted by France, endeavoured to recriminate on us; but he ended by laying, that they should certainly be willing to concur in any Arrangement relative to the Negroes which did not militate against the Principles of their Confutation. Here our §

Conference ended, and as, during the whole Course of it, I bore in my Mind the Portability, that this, although our first, might be the only favourable Opportunity I should ever have of speaking on the general Principles on which His Majesty was disposed to treat, I endeavoured, by adverting more or lei's to almoil every Point in my Instructions, to enable M. Delacroix (if he reports faithfully) to state to the Directory what I said in such a Manner as to put it out of their Potver to misconceive what were His Majesty's Intentions, to remove all Possibility of Cavil on this Cafe, and to bring them to a clear and distinct Answer whether they would agree to open a Negotiation on the Principle of the Status ante Bellum,or on one differing from it only in Form, not in Subtlance. I hope in attempting to do this 1 did not, in the first Instance, commit mv-self, or discover more of my Instructions than it became me to do, and that in the Conversation with M. Delacroix nothing cl'caped me which might, at some subsequent Period, hurt the Prog refs of the Negotiation. I have,

I believe, given this Conference nearly verbatim to your Lordship; and 1 was particularly anxious to do this correctly and minutely, as well that you may judge on the Propriety of what I laid myftlf, as that what M. Delacroix laid to me may be accurately known, and remain on Record.

It must, however, be remembered (as I obi'ervccl in the Beginning of this Ditpatch) that he ipoke from l.:m-self, as Miniller indeed, but not under the immediate Instructions of the Diredory, and this Consideration will take a little away from the Singularity of some of the Positions he advanced.

I confess, my Lord, from the Civility of his Manners, and from his apparent Readinels to difeufs the Subject, the Impression which remained on my Mind on leaving him was that the Negotiation would go on, but be liable to so many Difficulties, and some of them ft) nearly insurmountable, that knowing as I do the Opinion of the Diredory, I law little Prospect of its terminating successfully. — But I did not expect the Con-dud of the Diredory would immediately be such as to evince a manifest Inclination, and even Determination, to break off on the first Proposals; and I was not a little surprized at receiving, on at Three P.

M. the inclosed Letter (A) from M. Delacroix: He lent it me by the Principal Secretary of his Department (M. Guiraudet)who communicated to me the

Original of the Arrete of the Diredory, of which this Letter, abating the Alteration in the Form, is a literal Copy. After perusing it, I asked M. Guiraudet whether he was informed of its Contents, and this led to a short Conversation on them. I told him that both the Demands w'ere so unexpected that 1 could not reply to them off'Hand: That as to the first, it was quite unusual to sign Memorials which were annexed to a Note actually ligned, and that 1 lcarcely felt myself authorized to depart from what W'as, I believe, an invariable Rule. That as to the Second Demand, made in so peremptory and unprecedented a Way, 1 could without much Heiitation lay at once that it could not be complied with. M. Guiraudet lamented this much, and said, that this being the Cafe, he feared our Principles of Negotiation would never coincide. I agreed with him in my Expressions of Concern. We conversed together afterwards for some Time, but nothing parted at all worthy Remark. I told him I should lend my Answer the next Day. On reflecting more attentively or) the Request that I would sign the Two Memorials which I had given in, it struck me that the complying with it pledged me to nothing, that it was merely gratifying them on a Point infilled on peevilhly, and that the doing it would put them Hill more in the Wrong.

As to the strange Demand of an Ultimatum, it was perfectly clear what it became me to lay, and I hope that in the inclosed Answer B. (which I lent Ye!--

terday

(A.)

(B.)

37 Geo. III.

28° Decembris.

255

terday Morning at Twelve o'Clock) to M. Delacroix, I shall be found to have adhered as clolely as possible to the Spirit of my Instructions.

Yesterday Evening, at Half pall Nine, M. brought me the Note (C.) to which I immediately replied by the Note (D.) They require no Comment; and as I intend leaving Paris Tomorrow, and travelling with all convenient Speed, I shall so loon have it in my Power to say the little which remains to say relative to this sudden though perhaps not unlooked-for Close to my Million, that I need not trespass any further on your Lordship's Patience.

I have the Honour to be, See.

(Signed)

P. S. I thought it would be proper for His Majesty's Minister at Vienna to receive the eariieft Intelligence of the Negotiation being broken off, I therefore have dispatched a Messenger to Vienna with a Copy of the several Papers which have palfed between me and M. Delacroix since our Conference, and also a fuccindl Account of what passed in it. This MelLnger left this Place Today at Three, P. M.

M.

"Right hon. Lord Grenville, See. Sec. ScC.

(A.)

.V31. — TRANSLATION of a Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury; dated 28'11

5th Year.

Paris, 28th Frima(Deer 18) 5th Year.

Sir,

The Executive Directory has heard the Reading of the Official Note ligned by you, and of Two Confident ial Memorials without Signatures, which were annexed to it, and which you gave in to me Yesterday. I am charged expressly by the Diredory to declare to you, that it cannot listen to any confidential Note without a Signature, and to require of you to give in to me, officially, within Four and Twenty I lours, your matum, ligned by you.

Accept, Sir, the Assurance of my high Consideration.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

Note; and he repeats that he is ready to enter with that Minister into every Explanation of which the State and Progrels of the Negotiation may admit, and that he will not fail to enter into the Discussion of the Propolais of his Court, or of am Counter Projell which may be delivered to him, on the Part of the Executive Directory, with that Candour and that Spirit of Conciliation which correspond with the just and pacific Sentiments of his Court.

Lord Malmesbury requests the Minister for Foreign Affairs to accept the Alfurances of his high Consideration.

(C.) "

N° 33. — TRANSLATION of a Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Malmesbury-,dated Paris, 2(/h,

5th Year.

The 'undersigned Minister for Foreign Affairs is charged by the Executive Diredory, to answer to Lord Malmesbury' % Two Notts of the 27'" and 29"" Frimaire (17th and 19th December, O. S.) that the Executive Diredory will listen to no Proposals, contrary to the Constitution, to the Laws, and to the Treaties which bind the Republick.

And as Lord A/< ilmefburxannounces at every Communication, that he is in Want of the Opinion of his Court, from which it reiults that he acts a Part merely passive in the Negotiation, which renders his Presence at Paris uielefs; the undersigned is further charged to give hirruNotice to depart from Paris in Eight-and-Forty Hours, with all the Persons who have accompanied and followed him, and to quit, as expeditioully as possible, the Territory of the Republick. The undersigned declares moreover, in the Name of the Executive Directory', that if the British Cabinet is desirous of Peace, the Executive Diredory is ready to follow the Negotiations, according to the Basis laid down in the present Note, by the reciprocal Channel of Couriers.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

Paris, 29,h Frimaire(19th December)

5th Year of the French Republick,

One and Indivisible.

(B.) ‘

N° 32, — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Paris, December 19th 1796.

Paris, 19th 1796.

Lord Mahnefbury, in Answer to the Letter which the Minister for Foreign Affairs had the Goodness to transmit to him through the Hands of the Secretary General of his Department, mull remark, that in signing the Official Note which he gave in to that Minister, by Order of his Court, he thought he had complied with all the usual Formalities, and had given the necessary Authenticity to the Two Confidential Memorials which \vere annexed to it. Nevertheless, to remove all Difficulties, as far as lies in his Power, he willingly adopts the Forms which are pointed out by the Resolution of the Executive Diredory, and hastens to lend to the Minister for Foreign Affairs the Two Memorials ligned by his Hand.

With relpcd to the pofitiye Demand of an Ultimatum, Lord MalmejburyobferVes that infilling on that Point

in so peremptory a Manner, before the Two Powers shall have communicated to each other their respective Pretensions, and that the Articles of the future Treaty shall have been submitted to the Discussions, which the different Interests which are to be adjusted, necessarily demand, is to Ihut the Door against all Negotiation. He, therefore, can ddd nothing to the Alfurances which he has already given to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, as well by Word of Mouth, as in his Official Vol, 32.

(D.)

N° 34. — TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the Minister for Foreign . Affairs -, dated December 20th

1796.

Lord Malmesbury hastens to acknowledge the Receipt of the Note of the Minister for Foreign Affairs, dated Yesterday. He is preparing to quit Tomorrow, and demands, ui consequence, the necessary Palfports for himself and his Suite.

He requests the Minister for Foreign Affairs to accept the Alfurances of his high Consideration.

Paris,20th December 1796.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills subscribed -txchequer into Stock, in Terms of an Act of the present Session, 1 h<K ' Hating the Amount of Three per Cent. Four per Cent. and Five per Cent. Stock created.

The Orders of the Day being read {

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- g j ing next, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole feind.' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, tk-

House,

Saint Breock and Bodmin Canal Bill, passed.

LordsAmend-ments to Bill to amend Act for augmenting the Militia, agreed to.

256 28° — 2o° — 30° Decembris. A. 1796 .

House, to confiddr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Ten of the Clocks

Jovii, 2 90 die Decembris;

Anno 370 Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for making and Maintaining i Navigable Canal from Guinea in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the County of , to

Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Ruthern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Breock, in the Country of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Ruthern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

<c in the said Supplementary " Militia, in Manner as dirested in the said Act; and " it shall be lawful for such " Overseers to reimburse them-, ‘‘ selves out of any Monies of

" the Rates then raised, or to " be reimbursed out of any Monies thereafter to be raised " for the Relief of the Poor, u in such Manner as they may " reimburse themselves, or be " reimbursed, for any Monies " by them expended in Mat " ters relating to the Poor."

And it Appearing to the House that the said Clause so transposed by the Lords, was ari ingrafted Clause added by this House to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, and that the said Clause had been affixed thereto W'itli a wrong Reference, with respect to the Place where the said Clatale was intended by this House to be inserted, before the Bill was carried to their Lordships, and it being necessary that the said Mistake should be let right';

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act " for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to " be trained and exercised in the Manner therein dirested , and for enabling His Majesty to cause the " same to be embodied, in case of Necellity, for the " Defence of thele Kingdoms."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 5. After " aforesaid " transpose the following Clause, and place it after the Word " Subdivision" in line 26 of the same Prefsj viz.

And be it further Enacted, " That it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any " Parish or Place within the " Subdivision for which such " Person or Persons shall have " offered themselves so to serve " as Substitutes (according to " the Order in which the said " Parish or Place shall Hand " upon the Lift prepared for " the Ballot) to give any such " Person or Persons (according " to the Order in which their " Names shall have been entered in the Lift as aforesaid) " any such Sum as shall be " deemed reasonable, and shall " be fixed by the Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more " of them, or One Deputy " Lieutenant and One Justice " of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held " after the passing of this Act,

" after they shall have been " sworn and enrolled to serve " as the Substitute or Substitutes for such Parish or Place

Ordered, ThatMr. be added to the Gentlemen Memb;r added who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for or Bill." the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Poor Bill, p«-Order, a Bill for the better Support and Maintenance fcnted' of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 30° die Decembris;

Anno 37 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

A Bill for providing an additional Cemetery, or Maiy-lc-Bc e Burial Ground, for the Parish of Saint Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Bill, com-Time. nutted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments, to become due on certain Sums advanced, by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

The J.ords Iiave agreed tt

Bill for allowing Time for Payment of Instalments on certain I'xcht-quer Hills, relative to the Itlamls of St. Vincent and Grenada.

37 Geo. IIL 30°

tuled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct founded in Charter to sell and convey a Met-

" the Ifiue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, fuage; Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and " for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein men- Hereditaments, in Fuljlow Marsh, Chagpel, and " tioned," and for granting further Relief to Persons in the County of , and for laying out the Money

connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands

and Saint Vincent',without any Amendment: And also, and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of

'iill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the said Hospital) to which the Lords desire the Con-

Act foriiiiing Act to explain and amend an Act, made-in this pre- currence of this House.

Cavalry. sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ena- And then the Messengers withdrew.

" bling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Ca- And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Charter " valrv, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Time. aii ield. *

" Defence of these Kingdoms}" without any Amend- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

ment: And also.

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for railing Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this pre-Jand for th<f" h;nt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Army and " raising a certain Number of Men in the several County- " ties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army

" and Navy;" without any Amendment;

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Tower Hill A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Improvement thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Petition. others. Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Buildings, on or near Great Tower , was presented to

the House, and read} Setting forth, That the open Space of Great Tower Hill is at present in a very inconvenient and neglected State, and that the same may easily be improved, both in regard to Convenience, Ornament, and Safety, whereby the Comfort and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Hill, and Parts adjacent, and of all Persons having Occasion to pass through or over the fame, may be promoted, and that Part of the Metropolis put into a more respectable and convenient State, bearing Proportion to the Improvements in other Parts of and And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efiefting the Purposes aforesaidj in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr; Alderman Amlerfon,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamb.er} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates Bamby and in the Parishes of Barnby and Min the County plu-

of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read} Set- tion. ting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons} and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which are subject to various Rights of Foldcoutfe Or Sheep-walk, Shackage, and Common, and are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners thereof, and incapable of Improvement} and that it would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested, if such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested; according to their respective Rights and Interests therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectuil Ipfwkh Pav-an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reigft of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, "" and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

fiynefl.ttry A Petition of John Earl of Sandwich, and the hum-inclosure Pc- ble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names tttion. are subscribed, being Owners and Proprie-

tors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in

the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the said Open Common Fields and Waste Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Owners and other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Frederick Montagu and Lord Viscount Hinching~ brook do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr; Walker and Mr. have passed Spranger:

Air. Speaker,

C;,ar:er The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Home Edate to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King Jams, h,:'- Vol. 52.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to for

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Treaty with Directions, that there belaid before this House, a Copy Mejfc Darm-of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of IJeffe Ddrmjladt,signed the iotft Day of June

‘1796- ..

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Sums (if any) which have been issued consequence1 in Consequence of the Treaty between His Majesty and of D', order-the Prince of HcJJe Darmjladt,signed the ioth Day of ed *

June 1796.

A Alerfage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: toBUls'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commissiori, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

3 U And

King's Mef-

fuge respecting the Negotiation with France considered, and Ad lire Is thereupon.

258

30° Decembris.

A. 1796.

And being returned;

Mr Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal

was engaged: But that it affords us the; greatest Consolation, and the utmost Incitement to our Zeal and Perseverance, to observe the abundant Proofs that His Majesty's Conduct has been guided by a sincere Desire to effect the lieftoration of general Peace, and to pro-

was read giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal vide for the permanent Interests of His Kingdoms, and Assent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill for the general Security of ;while His Enemies therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal have advanced Pretensions, at once inconliftent with Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the those Objects, unsupported even on the Grounds on Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cla Which they were professed to rest, and repugnant both rence, E[is Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the to the System established by repeated Treaties, and to Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chan- the Principles and Practice which have hitherto regu-cellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to de- lated the Intercourse of independent Nations: clare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and That, in this Situation, persuaded that the present that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Continuance of the Calamities of War can be imputed High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Marquis of only to the tJnjuft and exorbitant Views of His Ma-Salisbury, named also in the said Commission,- did ac- jesty's Enemies, and looking forward, with Anxiety, cordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the to the Moment when they may be disposed to act on said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz different Principles, we feel it incumbent on us to af-

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment ford His Majesty the most firm and zealous Support

'irt such Measures as may be most likely to bring this great Contest to a safe and honourable Ifl'ue; and we place the fulleft Reliance, under the Protection of Providence, on His Majesty's vigilant Concern for the Interests of His Subjects, on the tried Valour of His

of Instalments, to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct " the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount,

for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein men- Forces by Sea and Land, and on the Zeal, Public Spi-" tionecl;" and for granting furthet Relief to Persons rit, and Resources of these Kingdoms, which can never connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada be called forth under Circumstances more important and Saint Vincent: to their permanent Welfare, and to the general Secu-

An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of rity and Interests of Europe; all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall An Amendment was proposed to be made to the be issued in future i Question, by leaving out from the Word " Result,"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made id this at the End of the First Paragraph, to the End of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Question, in order to insert these Words, " Your Maproviding an Augmentation to the Militia, to be " jesty's faithful Commons have learnt with inexpressible " trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed; " Concern, that the Negotiation lately commenced for and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to " the Restoration of Peace has been unhappily fruf-

« grated:

" In so awful and momentous a Crisis, we feel it our " Duty to speak to Your Majesty with that Freedom " and Earnestness which becomes Men, anxious to preserve the Honour of Your Majesty's Crown, and to Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for " secure the Interests of Your People: In doing this, the Defence of these Kingdoms:" " we sincerely deplore the Necessity we feel, of de-

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this " daring that, as well from the Manner in which the late present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " Negotiation has been conducted, as from the Substance raising a certain Number of Mew, in the several Coun- " of the Memorial, which appears to have produced the

'" e — u:, a abrupt Termination of it, we have Reason to think

" Your Majesty's Ministers were not sincere in their Endeavours to procure the Blefiings of Peace, so necessary for this distrefl'cd Country:

" The Prospect of National Tranquillity, so anxiously " looked for by all Descriptions of Your Majesty's Subjects, is at once removed from our View; on the one " Hand, Your Majesty's Ministers infill upon the lleftoration of the Netherlands to the Emperor, as a Jine " qua non, from which they have pledged Your Majesty " not to recede; while on the other, the Executive Di-

" be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence " of these Kingdoms:"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of

rt ties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army " and Navy:"

An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces] of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of

Middlesex:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Mef-sage of Monday last.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and for having been pleased to lay before the House the Papers which have been exchanged in jthe Course of the late Difcussion.and the Account transmitted to His Majesty of its final Result:

redlory of the French Republick, with equal Pertina-‘ city, claim the Preservation of that Part of their Con-! quell as a Condition from which they cannot depart:

" Under these Circumstances, we cannot help lament-: ing to Your Majesty the Ralhness and Injustice of Your Majesty's Ministers, whole long continued Misconduct has produced this embarrafiing Situation, by advising Your Majesty, before the Blefiings of Peace had been unfortunately interrupted, to refute all Negotiation for the Adjustment of the then subsisting Differences, although the Netherlands, now the main Obstacle to the

To allure His Majesty, that we cannot but deeply " Return of Tranquillity, were not then considered by

,. .1 o 1 1 tt: x jf rL / r -1 n / v» - 1 1 1 n , r 1 ! j__ 1 i.

participate in the Concern which His Majesty (from His constant Regard to the Interests of His Subjects) naturally feels in the Disappointment of His earnest Endeavours to effect the Restoration of Peace, and in the abrupt Determination, on the Part of the French Government, of the Negotiation in which His Majesty

the French Republick as a Part of their Territory, but " the Annexation of them solemnly renounced, and the " Peace of Europe offered into Your MajestyV. Hand '., " upon the Balls of that Renunciation, and upon the Sccurity and Independence of Holland, wLiiil Ihe preserved her Neutrality towards Frame:

" Your

37 Geo. III.

300 — 310 Decembris,

59

" Your Majesty'sfaithfuI Commons have furtherdeepjy the Momerit when they may be disposed to act on difto lament, that Toon after the Commencement of the ferent Principles we feel it incumbent on us to afford " War, when the Republick of Holland had been rescued His Majesty the tiloft fifm and zealous Support in such " from Invasion, and the Netherlands had been recovered Measures as may be moil likely to bring this great " by the Emperor, at a Time too when moil of the Contest to a lafe and honourable Issue; and we place " Princes of Europe, with Relources yet unexhausted, the fulleft Reliance, under the Protection of Providence,

" continued firm in their Alliance with Great Britain, on His Majesty's vigilant Concern for the Interests of " Your Majesty's Ministersdid not avail themselves of His Subjects, on the tried Valour of His Forces by " this high and commanding Polition, for the Negotia- Sea and Land, and on the Zeal, Public Spirit, and Retion of an honourable Peace, and the Establishment sources of these Kingdoms, which can never be called " of the Political Balance of Europe, but on the contrary, forth under Circumstances more important to their " without any Example in the Principles and Practice permanent Welfare, and to the general Security and of this or other Nations, refused to let on Foot any Interests of Europe.

* Negotiation whatsoever with the French Republick not Ordered, That the said Address be ptefented to His

" upon a real or even alledged Refusal on her Part to Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His " listen to the Propositions now rejected by her, nor to Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

" any specific Propolal of Indemnity or political Secu-

" rity, but Upon the arrogant and infulting Pretence, A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for " that her Government was incapable of maintaining the That this House be called over upon Monday Fortnight, leaned ovw, " accustomed Relations of Peace and Amity amongst the 16th Day of January next j . Keg.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas, I Sfj *

3»-

"Nations and upon that unfounded and merely speculative AlTumption,advised Your Majesty tocontinue " the War to a Period, when the Difficulties in the Way " of Peace have been so much increased by the Defection of moll of the Powers engaged in the Confederacy,

" and by the Conquests and conl'equent Pretenlions of " the French Republick:

" Your Majesty's faithful Commons havingthushum-"‘bly submitted to Your Majesty the Reflections which " Your Majesty's gracious Communication immediately

" suggest, will proceed with unremitting Diligence to 15th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Cominvestigate the Causes which have produced our pre- mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the

" lent Calamities, and to offer such Advice, as the cri- Supply granted to His Majesty.

" tical and alarming Circumstances of the Nation may R That this House will, upon Wednesday, the Ways and " require." 15th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Coni- Means, de-

And the Question being put, That the Words pro- mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways " *

{ Mr. Whitbread: }

Teller, for the Noes. '64.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the Supply, de-

poled to be left out Hand Part of the Question *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { £ £ + }

Te..=rsfortheNoes,{gr f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put *

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to cepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's

37-

and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Petenfield the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Hilton Jolliffe, Esquire, who, lince his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-

His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and for having been pleased to lay before the House the Papers which have been exchanged in the Course of the late Discussion, and the Account transmitted to His Majesty of its final Result:

To allure His Majesty, that we cannot but deeply participate in the Concern which His Majesty (from llis constant Regard to the Interests of His Subjects) naturally feels in the Disappointment of His earnest Endeavours to effect the Restoration of Peace, and in the abrupt Determination, on the Part of the French Government, of the Negotiation in which His Majesty was engaged: But that it altbrds us the greatest Consolation, and the utmost Incitement to our Zeal and Perseverance, to observe the abundant Proofs that His Majesty's Conduct has been guided by a sincere Desire to effect the Restoration of general Peace, and to provide for the permanent Interests of His Kingdoms, and for the general Security of Europe-, while His Enemies have advanced Pretenlions, at once inconsistent with those ObjeCls, unsupported even on the Grounds on which they were professed to rest, and repugnant both to the System established by repeated Treaties, and to the Principles and Practice which have hitherto regulated the Intercourse of independent Nations:

That, in this Situation, persuaded that the present Continuance of the Calamities of War can be imputed only to the unjust and exorbitant Views of His Majesty's Enemies, and lookin VOL. 52.

Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Manning have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Wet Docks, Ba- Day appoint-fons. Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accom- R [nSe nd modation and Security of Shipping, Comiherce, and - s°

Revenue, within the Port of London, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 15 th Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

London Docks, Bill.

Sahbatiy 31° di Decembris;

Anno 37° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1796.

Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are whittled

Prayers,

Aj. timcii u. J.C.HU113, miuic iwmw ait Whlttlefey

thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Drainage Pe-lying within the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Difforward, with Anxiety, to tridls, in the Bounds and Precincts of in the

Ille

tition.

L

LiJjJ

T

260 310 Decemb. 1796.

Isle ‘of £/y, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf of the'mielves, and other Proprietors of Lands, in the said Four Districts, or some or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands within the said Four Districts, containing 5,800 Acres, and upwards, are of a very fertile Nature, but, froih their low and flat Situation, frequently liable to Inundation; and that the said Lands were,- by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reigh of his late Majesty, charged with certain Rates and Taxes, to be collected and applied as therein is directed, for the Purpose of draining and preserving the fame, and the Lands lying within the said Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, were, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, charged with Certain additional Rates and Taxes, to maintain tire Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the Lands within the said Three Districts, which said several Rates and Taxes have been from Time to Time collected, applied, and disposed of, according to the Directions of the said Acts, but by Reason of lucceflive wet Seasons, Breaches of Banks, and the great Increase in the Prices of all Kinds of Work and Materials, have been, and are, much deficient in repairing, supporting, and maintaining, the several Works of the said re-l'peftive Districts, in consequence whereof the Commissioners have been under the Necessity of incurring very considerable Debts, to supply such Deficiencies, which cannot be repaid, nor can the said several Works for preserving and draining the said Lands be any longer supported and maintained, without the further Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore pray-' ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for charging the Lands, within the said Four Districts respectively, with further Taxes for discharging the said Debts, and for improving, better supporting, and preserving, the Drainage of the said Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-tnine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles General

Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

street and Bill for continuing the Term, and amending, al-Madeley tering, and enlarging, the Powers, of Two Acts of Paf-Roads Bill, liamerit, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His committed. prctent Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from The Buck's H, at Watling , and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop and for setting out and making a new Branch of Road from the present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of to communicate

with the said Turnpike Road at or near the End of a Lane leading to the Village of Norton, in the Parish of Stockton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.- John Pitt,' Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's .‘Chamber.

r.nvidi inclo- A‘ Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

fme Petition. thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of Estates having Right of Common, and other interests, upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing.

by Estimation, 1,600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie very much dispersed and intermixed with each other, and, as well as the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Im provement, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the same were divided and inclosod, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their several and respective Rights,

Estates, and interests therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etzvall,in the County of Derby, subject to such Orders, Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall fdem meet.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Coke of Derby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the tjnited Company of Merchants of Eastimiii England trading to the East Indies, being offered to be presented to the House; raifm Volu *

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's leCT torP‘ Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for continuing, in the East India " Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the " British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of " the said Territories, and the better Administration " of Justice within the same; for appropriating to " certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said " Company and for making Provision for the good " Order and Government of the Towns of,

" Madras, and Bombayit was, amongst other Things,

Enacted, That, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company, the Net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by private Trade, and all other Profits of the said Company in Great Britain, after providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange already accepted by the said Company, as the same should become due, and for the Current Payments of other Debts, Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company (their Bond Debt always excepted) should be applied and disposed of in the Manner in the said Act particularly mentioned; and that,by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining " such Corps or Companies of Men as should voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their " Counties, Towns, or Coalls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," it was (amongst other Things) Enacted, That any Corps or Companies of Volunteers, who then were, or should thereafter be formed, in any Counties or Towns of Great Britain, during the Continuance of the present War, under Officers having Commission from His Majesty, or from the Lieutenants of Counties, or others, who might be speclally authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, and who should at any Time, on being called upon, by special Direction of His Majesty, in case of actual Invasion, or Appearance of Invasion, voluntarily march out of their respective Counties, or Towns, or should voluntarily assemble within the same, and repel such Invasion, or who should voluntarily march, on v being

Ik 1

to an rv.

Tim *

Ctirij

lions

cd.

Dry,

so

(itHry

E'ttt

ten?,

J

37 Geo. III. 310 Decembris. r

being called upon in pursuance of an Order from His ly,the same were, on the Question being severally put Majesty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or Sheriff of the thereupon, ordered to he discharged.

County, to act within the County, or the adjacent Ordered, That the Petition of William

Counties, for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, Moorland, Peter Thomas the Elder,

should, in such Cases, be entitled to receive Pay, in such and Ed fa/!, Freeholders of the Bo-

Manner, and at such Rates, as the Officers and Soldiers rough of Down!on, in the County of and also,

of His Majesty's Regular Forces did then receive, and the Petition of William h and John Motteux, should, during the Time of their being continued in Esquires, severally complaining of an undue Election such Sendee, and lb receiving Pay as above, be subject and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Confi-to Military Discipline, as the Rest of His Majesty's Re- deration upon the 16th Day cf February next,

fular and Militia Troops, provided that no Officer or at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

oldier of any Volunteer Corps should be liable to be Ordered, That the Petition Callaway, Charles

tried or punished by any Court Martial, at any Time, Thomas John Stephen Coachman

unless such Court Martial be composed. entirely of Joint Mary able, Robert Hayes Leggett, John Officers serving in Volunteer Corps formed as aforesaid, George Cnlmur, Edward Goldfinch Henry George

such Court Martial to be assembled by Warrant under Kirkby, George Kirkby, Junior, Daniel Tending, Thomas His Majesty's Sign Manual, or by Warrant from l'ome William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rcufe,. James

General or other Officer, duly authorized to hold William Charles Friend, Thomas

Court Martial; and that the Petitioners are desirous, Henry Thomas llhite, Thomas James

at their own Expence, to raise, form, and maintain, Flwyn, George Barber, John Richard Elwyn,

Two Regiments of Infantry Volunteers, under the Pro- Thomas Roifie, John Cheavcle, Robert Feu, John Halbet, visions of the said last recited Act, to be employed for James Homer/ham, Edward Homer (ham, Richard the Defence and Protection of their House and Ware- James Pratt, Richard Edward Ha mb reck,

houses, and upon such Public Services as in the said William Hatcher, William Thornton, William last Act mentioned, and such their Desire having been James Robertfion, Henry Kemp, John Thomas

submitted to His Majesty's Royal Consideration, His Salmon, While, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of Majesty hath approved thereof, and hath been graci- themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members oufty pleased to grant Commissions to certain Officers to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and for the railing, training, and commanding the said Re- County of the same City, complaining of an undue giments, but, by Real'on of the Appropriation of the Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Revenues of the Petitioners, to and for the Purposes Consideration upon the 21st Day of February

mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-third next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners cannot Ordered, That the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, pay the Charges and Expences of the said Two Regi- and Philip Francis, Esquire, complaining of an undue ments without the Authority of Parliament: And Election and Return for the Borough of Twckesbury, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the County of Gloucester, be taken into Consideration in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to pay the Expences upon Tuefiday, the 21st Day of next, at a

of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses Afternoon.

of the said Company, and for such Public Services as Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderfion, are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth of Fordcl, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, and Return for the Clals or District of Boroughs, conAn Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps, lifting of

"or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enrol ferry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called " themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, Scotland, be taken into Consideration upon "or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the King- the 23d Day of February next, at Three of the Ciock " dom, during the present War." in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Graham,

Table. Baronet, and Edward Esquire; and also, tie

Petition of William James Janes

Houlercfolves Refohed, That this House will, at the Riling of the man, Thomas Butman, Marntdduke Aitijbn, Robert Nan->4t1TJFebrua- Houie this Day, adjourn till Tuefiday, the 14th Day of Jon, John Potts, Thomas Sewell, John Barnes,

ry. February next. Robert Graham, John Richardfion, William Bennett, Thomas

Sewell, and James Gibbons, Cit izens and Electors of the 'Time for re- Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for City of in the County of Cumberland, on Be-

tioiwwiUrg- Pr'vate Bills, be enlarged until Friday, the 24th Day of half of themselves, and many ether Citizens and E!ec-ed. vary next. tors of the said City, severally complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Days appoint- The House was moved, That the several Orders, Consideration upon the 23d Day of

«d for conti- appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock E eaionPeti- several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and in the Afternoon.

tions. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bo- Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons,

rough of Downton,in the County of Wilts; for the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of City of Canterbury, and County of the same City; for themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Bo-the Borough of Tezvkesbury, in the County of G/o rough of Colchefiler, in the County of Essex, complain-cefier; for the Class or District of Boroughs, consisting ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Bo-of Inverkeithing, Dunfcrmling, Culrofs, Queensferry, and rough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuefiday, the Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in for the City of Carlifile, in the County of Cumberlandthe Afternoon.

for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Efifiex; Ordered, That the Petition of John Hill, Esquire, for the Borough of Shrewsbury-, for the County of Kent-, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent Borough or Shrewsbury, be taken into Consideration for the County of Flint-, and for the Borough of upon Tuefiday, the 28th Day of February next, at a Maimefibury-, might be read. Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the And the said Orders being severally read according- Afternoon.

Vol. 52 3 X Ordered,

L

Ini ind Navigations Duty - Bill, deferred,

Lind Tax

Comm id i oners Bill, deferred.

Norfolk AOi/t-s Bill, dt: erred.

Answers to Adtirtiles.

262

3 10 Decembris. . 1796".

Ordered, That the Petition of the thcrcunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Filmcr Honyzvood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thin flay, the 2d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Electors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 7th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John Lloyd, of Tyddyn, in the County of Flint, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thurslay, the 9th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of James John Vajfar, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malmesbury, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 16th Day of this Instant December, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday, the 10th Day of February next, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the 15th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 9th Day of November last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of February next, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an A cl of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 21st Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 13th Day of this Instant December, for reading a Second'Time, upon Wednesday, the 15th Day of February next, the Bill for holding the Lent ATizes for the Cuuntv ol Norfolk, at the Gallic of Norwich, might be ' I.

And the 0-1 Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Dill be read a Second Time v.yon ii'cdr.efh:y, the 221I Day of February next.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Mdiagej

and for having been pleased to lay before the House the Papers which have been exchanged in the Couric of the late Diicuffion, and the Account transmitted to His Majesty of its final ReCult: To assure His Majesty, that we cannot but deeply participate in the Concern which His Majesty (from His constant Regard to the Interests of His Subjects) naturally feels irt the Disappointment of His'earned: Endeavours to effect the Restoration of Peace, and in the abrupt Determination, on the Part of the French Government, of the Negotiation in which His Majesty was engaged:

But that it affords us the greatest Confclation, and the utmost Incitement to our Zeal and Perseverance, to observe the abundant Proofs that His Majesty's Conduct has been guided by a sincere Desire to effect the defloration of general Peace, and to provide for the permanent Interests of llis Kingdoms, and for the general Security of Europe-, while His Enemies have advanced Pretentions, at once inconliftcnt with those Objects, unlupported even on the Grounds on which they were profelfed to rest, and repugnant both to the Syftenx established by repeated Treaties, and to the Principles and Practice which have hitherto regulated the Intercourse of independent Nations: That, in this Situation, persuaded that the present Continuance of the Calamities of War can be imputed only to the unjust and exorbitant Views of His Majesty's Enemies, and looking forward, with ' Anxiety, to the Moment when they may be ft if];cleft to act on different Principles, we feel it incumbent on us to afford llis Majesty the most firm and zealous Support in such Measures as may be most likely te> bring this great Contert to a safe and honourable Iifue; and we place the fulled Reliance, under the Protect ion of Providence, on llis Majesty's vigilant Concern for' the Interests of His Subjects, on the tried Valour of H is Forces by Sea and Land, and on tile /leal, Public Spirit, and Rcfourccs, of these Kingdoms, which can never be called forth under Circumstances more important to their permanent Welfare, anu to the general Security and Interests of Europe) had been presenteci to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He receives, with peculiar Satisfaction, the cordial Assurances of their firm and zealous Support, on an Occasion so important to the Honour and Interests cf His Kingdoms and to the general Security of Europe.

Lord Viscount Step ford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Yesterday (diat His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and thm Prince of Hcfe Darmfadt, signed the ioth Day of June 1796, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that Li is Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie wild give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I louse Commerce to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made leyeral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said reported Committee, the Amendments which the Committee lud made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report

m

37 Geo. III. 310 Dece — 140

163

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday, the 17th Day of February next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at SviilitaryEilab- the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred hftiments, to die House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Proceedings of the Court of Di-redors of the East India Company, and of the General Court of Proprietors, from January 1796 to the 21st December 1796, relative to the establishing a better Mode of recruiting the Company's Military Establishments in India; together with the several Papers referred to therein, including such Parts of the Military Arrangements, sent out to India in 1796, as relate to the same Subject: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of such Parts of the Correspondence

Papers relative to the India Company's

prciexucd.

A Petition of the several Pci Tons, whose Names ar thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them Lives and others. Owners of Eibues within the Township of Dit-ton, in the Parish of Vrcfcol, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was prdented to the House, and re ad 5 Setting forth, That there are within the said Town-ship divers Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing together 140 Acres, or thereabouts, in and over which the Petitioners and others have Right of Common and other Rights; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands are at present cf little Value, but would be greatly improved, if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praVifr, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclohng, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner and under such Re-

D/.t n Tnrlo-

iuiC

Windjfor

Writ.

gulations as to the I Joule shall fcemji.lt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bhukbiirne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of IViHiam Bradshaw Bradflmw, Esquire,- Hahon Tncla-Lord of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Ration fui-e Petition, and County Palatine of Lancaster, and of Thomas Bateman, Esquire, and Thomas Shepherd\ Gentleman, who.

between the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and the Governor General and Council, and as all'o the said IViHiam Bradshaw Brad/haw, are lev the Governments of Fort Saint George and Bombay, from the ill September 1786, to the Date of the latest Advices received, relative to the Mode of Recruiting the Company's European Military Establishments in India, as have not been laid before the General Court of Proprietors: And also,

N° 3. Copy of that Part of the Military Arrangement, sent to India in January 1796, which relates to the Education of Officers intended for the Corps of usually called Halton Floor, containing by Estimation Engineers and Artillery, and for making an adequate 800 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, Provision for their Education at the Royal Military is incapable of much Improvement, but, if the fame

rally the Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and entitled to certain Commonable and other Rights in and upon the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Parcel thereof, was prdented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, a certain large Trad; of Moor, Common, or Wade Ground,

Academy of Woolwich.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Tapers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Titefday, the 14th Day of February next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

was divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according, and in proportion, to their respective Rights and Properties, it would be of great Advantage to them, and also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Tract ci Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, ceded Ration Moor, in Conformity to such Regulations, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in :i Bid, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Mr. Blackburne and Air. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aldborouch

Writ.

Mart is, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

S RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Wind-for, in the County of Berks, in the room of Henry Ijherwood, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A/dborough, in the County of York, in the room of Richard Mailman Trench Chi/-well, Esquire, deceased.

Vol. 5if

A Petition of George Marton, Esquire, only Brother, next Heir, and Committee, of t he Per foil and Jiftate of Oliver Marton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor or Lord ship of Over Keitel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, a Lunatic, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto lubfenbed, and who, as also the said Oliver Marten, are the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor or Lordship, and in relpcet thereof, or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common, in, over, and upon, the Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, within the said Manor or Lordship, usually called Over Kei/et Moor, was prdented to the House, and read; Setting torth, That there is, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Keller, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, a certain large Trad; of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, usually called Over Kellet Moor, containing by Eitimation 1,000 Acres or thereabouts, winch is in its present . State very rude and uncultivated, yielding little Annual or other Profit, and subject to many Depredations, but the lame, it divided and inclosed, and it specific Parts thereof were allotted to the several Persons

Over Kcllct Incioturc jPe-tition.

u,

140 Februarii. 1797.

fons interested therein, according, and in proportion, to their respective Rights and Properties, would be capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Trad of Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, called let Floor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the,

in the said County Palatine of , pursuant to

such Regulations, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackbttrne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hornby, &c. A Petition of John Esquire, Lord of the

tition 'irC I>C onor a°d Manor of , in the County Palatine

of Lancaster, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which said Petitioners respectively are the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships, Vills, Districts, or Divisions, of Hornby,

and Grejfingham, and in respect thereof entitled to certain commonable and other Rights, in, to, and upon, divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, called by the several Names of Arkholme Moor, and Gref , within the said Vills, Districts, or Divisions, respectively, and Parcel of the said Honor and Manor, was presented to the ' House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Honor and Manor, divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, called by the several Names of Whitmoory Arkholme , and ham Moor, in the several Townships, Vills, Districts, or Divisions, of Hornby, Wray, , and

Grejfingham, respectively, containing in the whole 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present rude and uncultivated State, yield little Annual or other Profit, but the fame, if divided and inclosed, and if specific Parts thereof were allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according, and in proportion, to their respective Rights and Properties, would be capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said several Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, called by the several Names of Whit moor, Arkholme Moor, and GreJJingham Moor, in the said several Town-ships, Vills, Districts, or Divisions, of Hornby, Wray, Farleton, Arkholme, and GrejJingham, respectively, within, and Parcel of, the said Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, in Conformity to such Regulations, with such Powers, under such Re-ftridions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bolton and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Buckburn Land Owners, Traders, and Manufacturers of Cotton,

tioru'1Vtl" and others, living in and near to the Township of Bolicm-iti-the-Mcors, Over and Blackburn, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Road leading from the Town of Bothrough the Village of OverDarzven, to the Town of Blackburn aforesaid, is an high Road, containing Fifteen com- puted Miles-and upwards in Length, and that there

is no other Road from the Town of Bolton to Blackburn, without going Nine Miles about, in which Road there are several steep Hills, some of which rife Seven 3

Inches at a Yard, and the same Road is very indirect and circuitous, by reason of the many Windings and Turnings therein, and is in many Places so narrow, bad, and founderous, that Carts or Carriages loaded cannot pass to and from the said Towns of Bolton and Blackburn without much Difficulty, and the same Road is capable of being diverted in a more direct Line, and shortened, so that the same will not be more than Twelve Miles betwixt the same last mentioned Towns, and the said Road may also be made so that it will not rife more than Two Inches at a Yard in any one Part, but cannot be effectually widened, repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being, to the Danger and Loss of Time of Passengers, and to the Prejudice of Trade in general, and especially to the Cotton Manufactures carried on in the Towns of Bolton and Blackburn aforesaid, and in the several Villages lying betwixt the said Towns, which Manufactures would be greatly increased and extended, if the said Road was amended, widened, and repaired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to straighten, widen, divert, alter, and amend, the said Road and to erect Two or more Turnpikes upon the said Road, between the Towns of Bolton and Blackburn aforesaid, and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road, lying between the said Towns of Bolton and Blackburn aforesaid, may be amended and repaired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Stanley, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Boffiney Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present ' Parliament for the Borough of BoJJin the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable James Archibald Stuart Worthy, deceased.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King committal. James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a Messuage, Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fal/lowMar/h, and

Tetney, in the County ct Lincoln, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Hospital, was read a Second Time.

RefJveJ, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Longfellow, of the Town of Whitnfv-Brecon, in the County of Brecon, Innholder, John Long-fellow, of the same Place, Coachmaster, John Phillips, of the Town of Hay, in the said County of,

Innholder, Assignees of Sarah Weale, Widow and Relict of Thomas Weak, Gentleman, deceased, Francis Eves, Gentleman, Charles Haywood, Gentleman, Letvis Chambers, Gentleman, and the said John Phillips, who were Undertakers, named and appointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge acrols the " River Wye, between Whitney and in the County of Hereford," and of the several Gentlemen,

Freeholders, and others, residing in the several Counties of Hereford, Brecon, and Radnor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

% 7 Geo. ill.

14 Februarii.

265

John Pitt,&c.: Anti they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Heritors of the County of

and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, there hath been erected over the River Wye, between the Parishes of Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, Three Stone Bridges in the Course of about Twelve Years last paid, at an Expence of upwards of £. 5 000, all of which have fallen down, owing foleiy to the Badness of the Foundation subscribing, was presented to the House; and read; in the Bed of the said River for erecting a Stone Setting forth, That the Laws in general for making Bridge over the farne, which hath been of very great and repairing Highways and Bridges in Scotland, and Loss to tire Builders and Undertakers thereof, and of the particular Aits of Parliament for making and re-much Inconvenience to the Public at large; and that pairing High Roads in the County of Fife, have been the Annual Amount of Tolls of such late Bridges did from Experience found ineffectual in their present hot, at the litmost, exceed the Sura of £.115, and as Shape; for the Purposes for which they were in-it is not probable that any other Stone Bridge can be tended, and that it would be by far more equitable built on such Foundation, with any Prospect of its and convenient for the Lieges, and infinitely more ad-Durability, so as to with (land the Force of the very vantageous for obtaining the End intended; if the great and rapid Floods that frequently happen in the whole Statute Labour of the said County was corn-laid River, without an Expence far exceeding any muted upon an equitable Plan, in Place of the pre-Proportion of the Rate of Tolls to be put thereon, yet sent Services; and if the Convcrfions exigible upon the Petitioners conceive, that, if a Bridge was built Ploughgates of Land were in the first Instance paid by of Timber and Stone, the same might be done with the Proprietors, with Recourie upon the Occupiers, every Probability of its being permanent, and be more and Powers granted to borrow Money upon the Con-suitable to the Bed of the said River, and be also as version: And therefore praying, That Leave may be lafe, and of equal Convenience to the Public, as a given to bring in a Bill for regulating and commuting Stone Bridge, and which the Petitioners, the said T/10- the Statute Labour of the County of and for mas Long jell etc, John Longfellow, and John Phillips, making and repairing the Great and Cross Roads are willing to undertake, in case the said Act is amended within the said County.

or altered with regard to the said Bridge being of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Timber and Stone, instead of Stone only; and that Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Whitney and mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as Clifford aforesaid as also ithofe of the said Towns of shall appear to them, to the House:

Hay, Kington, and their relpefb've Neighbourhoods, And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

having occalton to pass and repass sundry Times in the Campbell, See.: And they are so meet Tomorrow same Day, think themselves aggrieved by paying the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Tolls every Time they pass and repass, according to the Chamber; and have' Power to tend for Persons, Pa-present Act, therefore the Petitioners, at their parti- pers, and Records, cular Instance, and in order to render every Benefit

Fife Rtxi.ii Pr tit ion.

to them, and to all Persons residing or having Estates near the said Bridge (in cale the said present Act shall be altered and amended as aforesaid) are desirous, that, in lieu and instead of the Tolls allowed to be taken by the present Act for every Time of passing and repairing the said Bridge, the following Tolls may be collected only once a Day; that is to lay, for every Horlc Mare, or Gelding, Ox, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny; for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two Pence; for every Perl'on, or Foot PalTenger, the Sum of One Penny; for Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, &c. the same as in the present Act; and further, that the Inhabitants of Whitney having a Right of Pasture on the Common of Whitney (being on the opposite Side of the River) the Undertakers agree to give them the Privilege of their Catde, Sheep, and other Stock, to pass and repass to and from depasturing on the said Common free of Toll, for which 1: Lr the present Act they now pay: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend or alter the said present Act in respect to a Stone Bridge, and to enable the Pe-Flianas Longfellow, John Longfellow, and

Petitions in favour of Lon-

A Petition of the Insurers of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Bin. 01 s,4kC AJj'urance: And also,

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called or known by the Name of the RuJ/ia Company;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, anfl Revenue, within the Fort of London: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table:

A Petition of the several Persons; whole Names are Puritonln-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and "reiV others, entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Pit-riton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Commons and Waste Lands, irt

tition.

fitioners, _

John Phillips, to build a Bridge of Timber and Stone and upon which the Petitioners, and others, claim tO a cross the said River Wye, between Whitney and Cl if- be entitled to Right of Common; and that the said ford aforesaid, and that the Tolls thereof may be varied Commons and Waste Lands, being in an open, unin-froin the present Act, in Manner before-mentioned, closed State, cannot be properly drained; and are fub-and that a Clause may be inserted, that no Perl'on jest to Trespasses, and, at present, of small Value to be permitted to ford the said River within the Dif- the several Persons entitled to Right of Common tance of On: Mile below Bridge, or such other Al- thereon, but are capable of great Improvement by terations and Amendments in the said Act, as the Means of a Division and inclosure: And therefore House shall think proper for erecting the said Bridge. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the for dividing, allotting, and ineiofmm the said Com-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- mons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to shall appear to them, to the House: the House shall seem meet.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Vol, 52. 3 Y pursuant;

Ch wton Mendip loci ofu re Petition. *

£ hlpham and W nr cerate inclosure Petition.

North Curry, &c *

inclosure

Petition.

140 Februarii.

A.

797

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Mr. Langton, and Mr.

Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons and Waste Lands, called , lying

within the Township, Parish, Tything, or Hamlet of ChewtonMendip, in the County of or adj

joining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Township, Parish, Tything, or Hamlet, certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Chewton Hill, in and upon which the Petitioners and others claim to be entitled to Right of Common, and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, being open and uncultivated, and lubjctft to Trespaffes, are of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of great Improvement by Means of a Division and Inclosure: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said several Commons and Waste Lands within the said Township, Parish, Tything, or Hamlet of Chewton or

adjoining thereto, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Diekinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors and Parift.es of Shipham and Winjcombe, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Commons, or Pieces of Waste Land, situate, lying, and being, within the Manors and Parishes of Shipham and IFi) few be feforesaid,. containing together, by Estimation, i,c8o Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Commons, or Pieces of Waste Land, as they now lie open and uncultivated, are fuhjcdl to Trespasses, and of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of very considerable Improvement, by Means of a Division and inclosure: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be- given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Praycrof the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. ffickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West hin the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, within the said several Parishes, containing together, by Estimation, a,oooo Acres, or thereabouts, exclusive of such Part of a certain Moor or Common, called WestSedge-moor, as lies within the said Parishes of North Curry and Stoke Saint Gregory; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, if the same (except such Part of the 2

said Moor or Common, called as lies

within the said Parishes of North Curry and Stoke Saint Gregory) were properly divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, except as afore (did, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Diekinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees hppointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frame,in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot he repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the present Road, leading from P/mvTown Bridge to a Place called North Hill,is very narrow and incommodious for Travel-

lers, and it would be convenient to all Persons travelling the said Road, if Power was given to make a'new

o 7 o

Road from the said Bridge to join the Turhpike Road leading from Fromc to Becking!on, at or near North HiIf, in the Parish of Frame, and, in order to make the said Roads mere convenient for the Public, if; will be necessary that the Petitioners lliould be authorized to pull down and remove certain Houses and other Buildings, in or near the Town of Fromc, and to carry the Road through Gardens, and other Grounds, which they arc not at present empowered to do; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public, and to the Inhabitants of the said Town c f Fromc, if the hoot Paths thereof were put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and if they were empowered to erect and maintain Lamps, to regulate and direct the Public Markets, and to remove all Nuifarices, Annoyances, and'Obstructions, in the Streets of the said Tow n; and that, for effecting the above Purposes, it will be necessary that the Tolls, now payable on the said Roads should be increased on Sundays: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purnofes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restric-

A r O

tions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, if

shall appear to them, to the House: / \ .

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Frome Road and Street Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole ;Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, that there are, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of Somerset, certain Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Estimation, oooo Acres, or thereabouts, whereon divers Persons have, and claim to be entitled to, Right of Common; and there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 550 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein various Persons have, and are entitled to, clivers small detached and inters

mixed

Othery Inclosure Petition *

V-Y

J

Hiiiffi EH I

co pi Inclo Petition *

Btahingly

Writ#

Wing Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition from Ipswich against Ipswich Paving JUL

37 Geo. IIL 140 Fehmarii,

mixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently disposed are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the and situated for the Occupation thereof; and that the and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending anrf Petitioners, and others, have Rights of Common in, rendering more efledbual an Act, passed in the Tisirty-over, and upon, the said Open and Commonable Paf- third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for pav-tures; and also have, and are entitled unto, divers ing, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving, the small detached and intermixed Parcels in and upon the d own of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for re-laid Open and Commonable Arable Lands; and that it moving and preventing Encroachments, Obllruftions, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That there Proprietors if the same were divided, allotted, and in- are certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, doled, and if the several Parcels thereof were exchanged, if the same should pass into a Law, will materially af-and allotted, and laid together: And therefore praying, fed and prejudice the Interests of the Petitioners, and That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, particularly the Clause by which Provision is made for allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Commonable laying a further Rate or AfietTment upon the Tenants Failures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, or Occupiers of all Lands and other Hereditaments the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, in such within the Twelve Parishes of the said Town of,

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House and a Rate or Assessment upon the Tenants or Occupiers shall faem meet. , of all Lands and other Hereditaments within the Ham-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, lets, Liberties, Suburbs, and Precincts, of the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Town, upon the improved and real Value of such Here Mr. Dickinson, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. ditaments at the Time of forming such Rate or AfletT-Dickiufon, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ment, and making the said Rate or Assessment on such

Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, equal to the - A Petition of John Michell, Clerk, Anthony Pyne, Assessment on Houses within the said Town, and also

ure Robert Michell, Richard Michell, James Viney, Robert the Clause which empowers the Commissioners, in the Vi my, Thomas Vinev, and others, was presented to the said Bill named, to employ Assessors to enable them to

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within form such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, and giving to the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, such Assessors certain arbitrary and very objectionable certain Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, con- Powers: And therefore praying. That they may be taining together, by Estimation, 350 Acres, or there- heard, by their Agents, or Couniel, against such Parts abouts; and that the said John Michell, Anthony Pyne,of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same Robo t Michell, Richard Michell, James Viney,- Robert may not pass into a Law as it now Rands.

Viney, Thomas Viney, and others, are Proprietors of, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the interested in, the said Open or Commonable Lands and Consideration of the Committee to whom the said' Bill Fields, and it will not only be of great Benefit and Ad- 15 committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by vantage to all Persons interested in the said Open or their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, Commonable Lands and Fields, if the same were pro- upon their Petition, if they think fit. perly divided, exchanged and allotted, but also of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave rnittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the . may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said and inclosing, the said Open or Commonable Lands and Petition.

Fields, as in the Judgment of the House shall seem: Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Commeet. rnittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, - pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. D tekirfon, Senior, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Lionel Copley, Baronet, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tre-gony, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tre-gony, and acquainted the House, that he should have taken his Seat and made his Election within the Time prescribed by the Order of the House, but that he had been prevented from doing so, by having been Abroad in Foreign Parts, from whence he is lately returned.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Sir Lionel Copley, Baronet.

Mr. Tyrwkitt Drake presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waile Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received, and read the F irft Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Hereditaments within the Twelve Parishes of the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and the Hamlets, Liberties, Suburbs, and Precincts thereof, whose Names Vol. 52.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands oxhill rnclr -and Estates within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County fare Petition, of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present State are incapable of Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shv.ckburgh Evelyn, and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of William Fenton Scott, Esquire, the Reverend John Tatterfall, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of jerk, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, and Meadow, and Pal-ture Ground, called West Field, Beck Field, and Ncrt/s Field, New Close, Bell Crook, and Fitts, and several Moors or Commons, called Ea/i kef wick Common, and Earezvccd'Common, containing together, by Estimation, 690 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Right honourable Edward Lord Harewood is Lord of the said Manor, and, as such, is seised of, and entitled to, the Soil and Royalties of the said Moprs or Co/nmons; and;

H i re wood

Incbfurtf

Petitiuil.

268 140 FebruariL A. 1797.

that the Reverend Jihit Yatterfall is Vicar of the Parish Church of Harewoodaforesaid, and as such is entitled to all, and all Manner of Tythes, Yearly arising, growing, happening, or renewing, within such Part of the said Manor and Parish as lies within the Township of

keswick, and is also entitled to an Annual Payment of Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, paid by the said Township of Eastkefwick,to the said John which hath been, and is, claimed by him, as a Composition for Tythe Hay, and hath been, and is, alledged by the Freeholders 3s a Modus in Lieu of Tythe Hay} and that the said Edward Lord , and several

other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Lands lying dispersed in the said Open Fields and Meadow Ground, and of Cattlegates in the said Pasture, called New Close, and of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are entitled to Right of Common on the said Moors or Commons; and that the said Open Fields, and Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and all'o the said Moors or Commons, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights in, over, and upon, the fame, and if the Tythable Lands and Tenements were exempted from the Payment of Tythes, upon Compensation being made for the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and Moors, or Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberf, and Mr. Henry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

skiptiridge a Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to

brid«0Rca& Put Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for

Petaioo. repairing the Road from the City of York, over Slip-bridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said City and County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said several Acts, or one of them, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, and which have been laid out for and towards the repairing and amending the said Road, and that a Toll Gate or Turnpike hath likewise, in pursuance of the said Acts, or one of them, been let up across the said Road, and that the said Road hath been repaired; but the several Sums of Money, so borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, are due and owing, and the Tolls and Duties, by the said Acts directed to be cojlefted on the said Road, are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and to repair, and keep in Repair, the said Road; and that the Term, granted by the latter of the said Acts, is nearly expired, and the Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying near and contiguous to the said Road, and the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, re-lidingin that Neighbourhood, and travelling on the said Road, are of Opinion that the same may be amended, and kept in Repair, in case competent Tolls are granted, and if a Term of Twenty-one Years be added to the . Term granted by the said last mentioned Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred' to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir William

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates Sotteriey, in the Parishes of Sotteriey, Henfead with Huherjlreet, and Wrentham ,in the County of Suffolk, was presented tition. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes divers Heaths, Fen Grounds,

Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging 10 the Petitioners and others, which are subject to various Rights of Foldcourse or Sheepwa'k, Shackage, and Common, and are in their present Situation very inconvenient to the Owners thereof, and incapnb'e of Improvement j and that it would be of great Advantage to die Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Banbury and Lord Viscouni Brome do pre-> pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of fcvvr.:i Owners of Lands and Estates Uggetliall,&& in the Parishes of Lggeshall, Frojlendand South Cove,

in the County of Suffolk, was prclented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes divers Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which are subject to various Rights of Foldcourse or Shcepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners thereof, and incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and G rounds divided and inclosed, and specifc Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes alore-said, under such Regulations and Re drift jo ns as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Banbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Liverpco! m<l an Act: of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers " of Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King " George the First, and the Nineteenth and Twentysixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Liverpool to Prefrot, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the County Palatine of d for amending the Road from the Causeway at 11 Lie blow " Brow to the Causeway leading from Prefect to Liverpool,

" and also through Limekiln Lane to IlouJ'e,

" in Liverpool aforesaid," was presented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums ot Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, rail -withstanding which a considerable Debt is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof, and, as the Term and Powers of the said Act arc near expiring, the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act

37 Geo. III.

140 FehruariL

269

is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and some Alterations and Increase made in the Tolls thereby granted; and that the Powers, granted to the Petitioners by the said A cl, are, in several Respects, defective, whereby the Tolls have been evaded, which have been found very detrimental to the Execution of the Trlifts repoled in the Petitioners, which would be better executed if some further and other Powers were granted to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and to alter and vary such Powers,.and substitute other Powers and Provisions in lieu thereof, in such Manner, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Houseshall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoync, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine

Alderman Lushington, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition from City of London attended at the Door; they were called the Corpora-

y , 1 r 1 - rv r tion of Lon-

m; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, don for Wet

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- I cks, &c. mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, from the very great and progressive Increase of the \ Number and Size of Ships and other Vessels trading to the Port of London, the River Thames, in and near the said Port, is in general so much crowded with Shipping, Lighters,- and other Craft, that the Navigation of a considerable Part of the River is thereby rendered tedious and dangerous, and there is great Want of Room in the said Port for the safe and convenient Mooring of Vessels, and constant Access to them; and that great Inconveniencies are also experienced in the said Port from the Want of Regulations concerning

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have the navigating and removing of Vessels in and near the

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Adstock T11-cloiure Pui-tiott.

fame, and the Want of a proper Arrangement of Ships and other Vessels in their several Moorings, with rc-lpeft to their Dimensions, the Nature of their Cargoes, and their relative Intercourse with the Custom House; and that Want of Accommodation for the landing and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, has for some Years part been experienced by realon of the confined State of the Legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port; and that the Avenues leading to and

London small Debts Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, conlifting of Forty-seven Yard Lands, or thereabouts, of Arable Land and Ley Ground, and divers Quan- from the said Legal Quays are incommodious, and titles of Meadow and Pasture Land, which lie inter- much too narrow for the great Concourse of Carts mixed and dilperfed in small Quantities, so as to be and other Carriages usually passing and repassing the rein, inconvenient for Occupation, and which would be ca- and great Obstructions are thereby occasioned to the pable of considerable Improvement if the same were Cartage and Removal of Goods, by reason whereof divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Shares thereof al- Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, landed on the Legal lotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore pray- Quays, frequently remain there a considerable Time, ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incumbering and obstructing the said Quays, and ex-dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common posed to pilfering and Fraud; and that considerable' Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, under such Regulations Disadvantages to the Trade of the said Port arise from as to the House shall seem meet. the circuitous Course of the River Thames round the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Tract of Land called the Isle of Dogs, which would be pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that obviated if a Passage could be effected without such Mr. Baldwin and the Marquis of Litchfield do prepare, circuitous Course; and that great Delays, Accidents, and bring in, the fame. Damages, Losses, and extraordinary Expences, are al-

most continually sustained from the aforesaid Caules, The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the to the Hindrance and Discouragement of Commerce, City of London attended at the Door; they were called and the great Injury of the Public Revenue; and that in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the said Evils might be prevented, or remedied, if

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, ancf Corn- Powers were given to make good and sufficient Wet

mons, of the City of London, in Common Council afi-fanblcch

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Third Year of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of " small Debts, and for relieving the Poor Debtors in " London and another Act was passed, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the said Acts have been found defective and infuffieient to anliver the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Docks and Balons, with proper Cuts, Canals, Sluices, and Outlets, in convenient Situations, within or near the said Port, with a limited Extension of Legal Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, if found necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels, and to widen and render more commodious the said present Legal Quays, and the Avenues thereto, and to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, from London Bridge to the King's Moorings at Deptford, and to appoint Harbour Mailers to regulate the Navigating and Mooring of Ships in and near the said Port, and to make or maintain a navigable Cut or Passage, sufficient for Sea Vessels, acrols the said Ifie of Dogs, between Biackwall and Limehouse Holey so as to avoid, when necessary, the circuitous Course aforesaid, which Improvements would give Accommodation and Encouragement to Commerce, and Security and Increase to the Revenue, and be of Public Utility; and that Plans, and Estimates of the Expence of all the said Works have been prepared, and the Petitioners, who are Conlervators o 1 the River Thames, and the natural and legal Guardians of the Trade and

Mr. Alderman Anderson3 Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Commerce of the City and Port of London, by whose - r/ Predccessors '

VOL. 52

270 14 Februarii. yl. 1797.

Predecessors that Trade and Commerce hath been ma- The House being informed that Mr. Nevdand, from Account>pw-naged for a long Series of Years, to the great Benefit the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, feutccl: of the City of London and Parts adjacent, and of the attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Public, are willing and desirous to take on themselves Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc-the Care, Management, and Superintendence, of the tions of several Acts of Parliament,

several Worjcs aforesaid, and of enforcing such Rules, An Account of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or Bills of Ex-Orders, and Regulations, as Parliament may judge fit by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords c!u e -to be established to give them their due Effect: And Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made pay- pud the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring able, and paid, at the Bank of , from the ill Bank,

in a Bill for enabling them to carry into Effect the January to the 31st Day of 1796: And also,

several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, An Account from the Bank of England, of the Re- Reduaionof

and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem ceipt and Expenditure of £.2,639,724. 9 5 d. in One pj£tonal

meet. Year, from February 3d 1796 to January 31 ft 1797,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- fional Debt; and of the Receipt of £. 695,403 i8j. 4 mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as jt to be applied in the Quarter between the ill February shall appear to them, to the House: ?nd ift May 1797.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. And then he withdrew,

Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's The said Accpijnts are as followethj viz,

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

nd Records,

An

37 Geo. Ill, 14°Februarii. 271

An ACCOUNT of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, thq Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable, and paid, at the Bank of from the ift January to the 31st Day of December 1796,

Bilk drawn from the West Indies, &c. - - '< -' - *

D° - by Brook Watson, Esquire, Commissary General - - - - 4,796 i1 6

D" - by Henry Motz, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General - " 537>3r5 7 7

t '

D® - by Messrs. Cranford's with the Army on the Continent »->-

D - by Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and C® - »« *

D° - by Walter Boyd, Junior, Esquire -

D! - by Claude Scott, Esquire, for Flour and Wheat purchased on Account of

Government - - - - T - 147,681 4 2

- by Sundries, and accepted by Claude Scott, Esquire, for the

like Service - - - 211,872 18 10

C s. 3>957>54l 6 11

542,112 9 1 312,958 3 7

273,878 11 8

200,009 — - —

359 554 3

5,646,044 14 3

Due to the Bank the 31st December 1795 7 3 3 1,418,960 19 3

7,965,005 13 6

Be-paid in the Year 1796, on Account of the above 5 89,356 9

Due to the Bank, the 31st December 1796 % 5 M75»649 12 9 r= r===«

Bank of England, the 14th February 1797,

A. Newland, Chief Cashier,

VOL. 52.

An

t

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.2,639,724. 9- 5‘ n One Year, from February 3d 1796 to January 31st 1797, by the Commissioners apj ointed

by 26th Geo. III. for the llcduftion of the National Debt.

D".

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C".

o

o

o

FT

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the

Act directs j

Capital Stock.

£. s. d.

1,851,227 ----- --Confol4 3 per Ann *

1,042,998 19 7 Reduced Ann Confol4 -

79,550 ----- --- Old South Sea Ann - -

102,850 ----- --- New South Sea Ann *

22,000 ----- ---£.3 per Cent. Ann 1751

£.3,098,625 19 7

£ d.

1,076,857 19 10

663,57° " 4

48,779 3

65,752 3 9

13,852 10 —

By Calli received at sundry Times;

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues ——

; 0° - - - ~ - being an additional issue ——

£ s. d.

For 6 M° Int. on 8,657,968 — - — Confol4 £.3 Ann' due 5th 1796

D° ----- - 1,670,000" — — New South Sea Ann' - - - - D° - -

D° ----- - 486,000 — — £.3 per Cent. Ann 1751 - - - D° -

D° ----- - 4,300,788 ----- -£.5 Reduced Ann Confol4 due 5th 1796

D° ----- - 2,101,000 ----- -- Old South Sea Ann - - D° - -

----- -£.4 pe Ann D° - -

----- - Confol4£.3 per Cent. Ann' due 5th July 1796

----- - New South Sea Ann - - - D° -

----- -£.3 per Cent. Ann 1751 - - - D° - -

----- -Reduced Ann Confol4 due 10th 0£lr 1796 -

2,147,000 ----- --Old South Sea Ann - - - - D° - -

507,000 ----- --£.4 pe Cent. Ann D° - -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th Jan'i 1796 ....

D°

D°

D"

D°

D°

D *

D *

507.000 8,885,140 1,731,000

499.000 4,866,799

D°....

A Vi no

745

1746

7 57

1778

1779

D°....

being the Amount of Annuities on Lives, expired between the 5th Jan'i 1786 and the 5th JatO 1796;

£ d.

..... 1,935 IO -

----- ----- ---- - 6,207 10 ~

- - - .....4,79° 17 1

..... ..... T3 ~

.....-.....528----

being the Amount of Ann for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th Febt 1792, viz.

For 99 Years - - - 48,515 2

96 Years, - - - 6,365 12

4

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Ann ' 1777

£ s. d 1,000,000 — — 200,000 ——

129,869 10 4

25,050 ——

7,290 — — 64,511 16 4

31,515 ——

10.140 ——

t33'277 2 —

25,965 ——

7,485 ——

73,001 i9 j 32,205 ——

10.140 -

24,847 2

13,633 10

54,880 14 5

25,000 —

1,868,811 15 2

' 'ls>

to'

£.'1,868,811 15 2

140 Februarii. A. 1797.

/. i >808,3i jl j

ny l'.iymuu cm the Aim 1777

2jf,000

/ # o & ,t> J 1 J

\o

D

CO"

r-4-

n'

CD

Q_

o

o

o

00

r ii

c

t-1

Lri

K *

On Account of Loan 1793:

57,688 ----- --Confol4 £.3 Cent.

Ann *

t Cent.) .

- V3°'

064. 11

58,624 17 10 Reduced Ann Con-folJ - -

34 533 3 1 1

143,672 ----- --- Confol1 £.3

Ann - -

156,814 2 7 Reduced Ann' Con-

ibl4 - -

Account of Loan 1794:

-} 89,818

70,597 15 6

On Account of Loan 1793

From the Exchequer, lx lug the Appropriation for One Year, at the Hate ot £. 1 Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Contol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann'..... 62,500 ——

For 6 M Int. on £.147,347. o. o. Confol4 £.3 Cent. Ann due 5th

Jnn'y 1796 - -

D® - - - 95,754. 2. 2. Reduced Ann' Confol4 due 5th

April 1796- - -

D° - - 173,625. o. o. Confol11 £.3 per Cent. Ann due 5th

July 1796....

D° 123,126. o. o. Reduced Ann Confol4 due 10th

Off 1796 ——

2,210 4 1

1,436 6 2

2,604 7 6

1,846 17 9

Oo

70,597 15 6

2 2

90,010 13 5

3'5I5>425 ——

Carried over - - £.

179,828 15 7

On Account of Loan 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£.11,000,060 £. 3 per Cent. Ann - - -- 110,000 ——

2,750,000 £. 4 per Cent.Ann' - -- - 27,500 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of

1 x s.5 d.per Cent. on£. n,coo,oco, for 66 \ Years - - - 9,680 ——

£. 1,926,525. 12. 5. £.5 per Cent. Ann5, subscribed from Navy and

Victualling Bills - -- - 19,265 5 —

For 6 M° Int. on £.187,127 o. o. Confor£.3 perCent. Ann'due 5th

January 1796 - - - 2,806 18 l

D® - - 190,598. 17. 5. Reduced Ann' Confol4 due 5th

April 1796 - ----- 2,858 19 7

D® - 252,572. o. o. Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann' due

5th July 1796.....3>?88 ll 7

D® - - 261,938. o. o. Reduced Ann' Confol4 due 10th

Off 1796.....3,929 1 4

2,119,238 6 3

Carried over - - £.

179,828 15 7

2,119,238 6 3

4

Geo. III. 14° Felruarii.

g

(Q

r-h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

ft

£.3, S'SAiS ----- ----- -- - - - Brought over -

2,21,959 — 236,062 —

'On Account of Loan 1795:

Confol4 £.3 perCentA 8 ?6o , „

Ann - - - -j 3

Reduced Ann Con-fol4

I39>°55 18 5

'On Account of Loan 1796:

1116,074 ----- --Confol4 £. 3 per 67,365______

:251 , £ IO ——

Tteduced Ann Con-) . „o< „ T_

f0J4 .] H7>386 3 10

On Account of Loan 1796, for £

49,940 ----- Reduced Ann' Confol4

W

- , (The Interest on which is

£.4,390,670 ----- ---(£.131,720, 2. $er Annum.

£. s. d.

2,119,238 6 3

277,816 4 4

214,751 3 10

27'9l8 J5 —

2,639,724 9 5

'Brought over

2,119,238 6

On Account of Loan 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £.i per Cent, per Annutowards the Redemption of

£. 18,000,000 £.3 per Cent.Ann .....- -

6,000,000 £.4 per Cent.Ann'....

On the ~a6tual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9 6d.

per Cent, on £. 18,000,000 for 65 I Years - -

£. 1,609,897. 17. 1. £.5 per Cent. Ann", subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills ——

£. s. d.

180,000 ——

60,000 ——

12,835 ——

16,098 19 6

For 6 M° Int. on 92,558. Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann due 5th Jan'J

x796 - - - -..... 1,388 7 4

D" - - - 97 859. Reduced Ann Consol'due 5th April 1796 1,467 17 8

D" - - - 193,663. Consol'1 £.3 per Cent. Ann' due 5th July

1796 ----- ----- 2,904 18 10

D° - - 208,070. Reduced Ann Confold due iothOCZri796 3,12.1 1 —

On Account of Loan 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Three-fourths of a Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.2 1,600,000 £. 3 per Cent. Ann added to Consol'1 £. 3 per Cent.

Ann - 162,000 ——

£. 4,500,000 D° - to Reduced Ann ----- - 33,750 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. 6d.

per Cent, on £. 18,000,000 for 64? Years - -- -- - 6,345 ——

And far One-fourth of a Year, at the same Rate, towards the Redemption of _£. 4,414,074. 4. 6. £.5 per Cent. Anns, subscribed from Navy and V ictualling Bills - - -- 11,035 3 9

For 6 Mos Int. on . 108,067 Reduced Ann' Confol4 due 10th 0£lr

1796..... 1,621 — 1

On Account of Loan 1796, for £. 7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-Fourth of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 9,000,000. £ .3 per Cent. Ann', added to Confob 3 per Cent. Ann 22,500 ——

£. 1,875,000 - - D° - - - - to Reduced Ann - - 4,687 10 —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 51. 6 perCent. on £.7,500,000. for 63 J Years ----- --- 7315 —

277,816 4

214,7a'1 3

275

37 Geo. III. 140 Februarii.

By CASH received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the ill February and ift

May 1 97 *

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue ——

D - - - being the Amount of Ann' for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired;

For 99 Years -96 Years

12,128

I>591

8

250,000 ——

I3>72° 3 7

For 6 M0' Int. on £. 1 o, 143,575 ConfolJ£. 3 per Cent. Ann' due 5th Jan? 1797 D° - - - i,775 ,000 New South Sea Ann' - - - D° - -

D® - - - 508,000 . 3 per Cent. Ann 1751 - - D® - -

152,153 12 6

26,625 ——

7,620 ——

On Account of Loan 1793:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-fourth of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000

Confol4 £. 3 per Cent. Ann - -- --.....£. 1 5,625 ——

For 6 M° Int. on £. 205,035 Confold £. 3 per Cent. Ann' due 5th

Janv 1797.....3,075 10 6

On Account of Loan 1794:

450,118 16 1

18,700 10 6

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-fourth of a Year, ' at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£.11,000,000 £.3 per Cent.Ann - - - -- -- - 27,500 ——

2,750,000 £.4 per Cent. Ann' - -- 6,875 ——

On the a<ftual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of ns.

per Cent.on £. 11,000,000 for 66 Years ----- -- '2,420 ——

£.1,926,525. 12. 5. i-S per Cent.Ann .....4,816 6 3

For 6 M°‘ Int. on £.330,799 Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann' due 5th Jan't

1797 .....- 4>961 9 8

On Account of Loan 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-fourth of a Year, at the Rate of'£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£. 18,000,000 £-3 per Cent.Ann - -- 45,000 ——

6,000,000 £.4 per Cent.Ann' - -- - 15,000 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9

perCent. on £. 18,000,000 for 65 Years - - - - r - 3,208 15 —

£.1,609,897 17. 1. £.5 per Cent.Ann - -- 4,024 14 10

For 6 M° Int. on £. 314,517 Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann due 5th Jan'J

1797 .....- - 4,7 7 5 1

On Account of Loan 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-fourth of a Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£.21,600,000 £.3 per Cent. Ann added to Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann 54,000--

4,500,000 - - - - D° - -- - to Reduced Ann Confol4 - 11,250 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6r.

per Cent, on £. 18,000,000 for 64 % Years - - - 2,115 ——

£.4,414,074. 4. 6. £.5 per Cent.Ann ....

For 6 M°' Int. on £. 116,074 Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann due 5th JaifJ

1191..... ..... h74 2 2

On Account of Loan 1796, for £. 7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One-fourth of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£.9,000,000 £. 3 per Cent.Ann added to Conlold£.3 per Cent. Ann 22,500 ——

1,875,000 D° - -- - to Reduced Ann Conlol4 - - 4,687 10 —

46,573 $ 11

7 >95I 4 11

V

80,141 5 11

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/.

per Ce;<7. on £. 7,500,000 for 63 i Years - -- 731 3 —

27,918 15 —

Bank of England, February 14th 1797,

695,403 18 4

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Vott 52,

Ordered

v,

Day appointed for Second Reading of Bill to regulate the Trial of Caui'es, See.

Mutiny Bill, committed.

Return of

forces in the East Indies, and Accounts of Recruits for D°, presented.

Kortlumptrn Paying Petition.

376 140 — 150 Februani. A. 1797.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arite within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be read a Second Time upon TAurfday Morning next.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Perceval, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,-and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 Februarii;

Mr. Secretary at Wax presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, *

N° 1. Copy of the Monthly General Return of His Majesty's Forces in the East Indies, dated Calcutta, ift January 1796, being the latest Return received from Major General Si1 Robert Abercromby: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Recruits raised and sent to India, for the following Regiments, in His Majesty's Service, in the East Indies, in the Years 1793, 1794, and 1795, viz. the 36th, 52c!, 71ft, 72d, 73d, 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th Regiments of Foot: And also,

N° 3. Return of the Recruits raised and sent to Chatham Barracks, for the above Regiments, between the 30th June and 30th September, in the Years 1793, 1794, and 1793.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of North-fimpton, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obllruftions, and Annoyances therein, and of the several Inhabitants of the said Town, whole Names are also thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the CommiToners were empowered to erect a Gate or Turnpike, and also a Toll House, upon, or near, the South Bridge, in the said Town of Northampton,nx in Cotton End, in the Parish of Harding-ft one, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, and to take the 'foils by the said Act granted thereat, which Tolls were to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 2.1th Day of June 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and were to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act, in the Manner therein directed; and that the Commi Toners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, great Part ot which Money new remains due, and the same cannot‘be repaid, nor the Purposes of the said Act continue to be carried into Execution, unless the Term thereby granted be further continued, and the Powers of the said Act altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ehcfting the Purposes albrdaid, by such §

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Pr AYERS.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Mollington, Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, T olurr» Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick, in the Parish of Cropedy, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, lying and being in Mollington aforesaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures *

Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, containing, by Estimation, 1,150 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are entitled to, and do enjoy, Common of Failure for their Cattle, in, over, and upon, the said Open and Common Fields; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dilperfcd in final! Parcels; and are moll of them inconveniently situated, and incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, and for such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Mor daunt and Sir George Augujhis William Schackbwgh Evelyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitionsi thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themielves, and all others interested in the Import and Export Trade of the Docks,

Port of London: And also, Blll#

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Mailers of Ships and YeTds, in Behalf of ihemselves and others interested in Shipping: And also,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants ol Enel and trading into the Levant Seas: And

o

also,

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Matters of Ships and Veftl-ls belonging to the Port of Aberdeen, in Behalf of themielves anil others interested in Shipping: And also,

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And alto,

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to North America: And also,

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there- -unto subscribed, being Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels, in Behalf of themielves and others interested in Shipping: And also.

Another

37 Geo. III. 150 Februarii.

277

Another Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels, in Behalf of themselves and others interested in Shipping: And also,

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and 'Mailers of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in Behalf of themselves and others interested in Shipping: And also,

A Petition of the Planters of the India Colonies resident in Great Britain, and of the Merchants trading to the said Colonies;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j . Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And praying. That the said Bill may be passed into a Law, as it would tend to remove the Evils complained of, and be of great Public Utility.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the Bailiffs, Common Council Men, f 'twich&C"Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and He-against ipf- reditaments, within the Town of in the County

vrichPaving Gf Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipfivich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Oblirudlions, and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That there are certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if the same should pass into a Law, will materially affect and prejudice the Interests of the Petitioners, and will tend to excite and promote Disputes and Litigations, as well relpedling the Rates collected within the said Town for the Relief of the Poor as otherwise, and to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of the said Town; and particularly the Clause which provides that the Assessments, mentioned in the said Bill, shall be according to the improved and real Value of the Hereditaments alfelfed, and not, as by the present existing Law, according to the Sum which such Hereditaments are alfelfed to the Poor Rates; and also the Clause which is to empower the Commissioners, in the said Bill named, to employ Alfelfors to enable them to make such Rate or Assessment, and giving to such AHelfors certain arbitrary and unprecedented Powers: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may alter the present Mode of Affcllments, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fomT'in Suf- thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of Suffolk folk, and Nor- and Norfolk, and who, from their local Situation, are D Biif 'nft u°der the Necellity of having their Coals from the Port of Ipfivich, in the County of Suffolk, was also presented

to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it contains a Power for laying a Duty on every Chaldron, or every Ton or less Quantity, of Coals, Coke, and Cinders, which shall be imported or brought into, landed or delivered within, the River Onvcll, or Town of Ipfivich, or the Harbour thereof, over and above the Duties now due and payable thereon, allowing a Drawback only for such Coals, Coke, and Cinders, as shall be carried from the said Town o to or

Stowupland, in the County of Suffolk; and that the said Power, as also several other Powers and Provisions in the said Bill, will, if passed into a Law, be very in-Vol. 52.

jurious and burthensome to the Petitioners, who will not be entitled to the Benefits of the proposed Drawback, and w'ho receive no Advantage from the above-mentioned Improvements of the Town: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such f'arts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass irtto a Law as it now Hands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrucftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of Henrietta Masterman Sykes, the Wife of Settrington Mark Masterman Sykes, Esquire, Lady of the Manor of Jjt "(urc Fe" Settrington, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of the greatest Part of the Messuages,

Cottages, and Frontsteads, Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington aforesaid, and of Robert Gilbert,

Clerk, Mailer of Arts, Rector of the Rectory of Settrington aforesaid, and Owner of all the Tythes, Great and Small, arising within the Parish of Settrington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor, there are several Open Fields, Common Pallures, and uninclosed Grounds, and that the several Properties therein lie intermixed and dilperfed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and exempted from the Payment of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, a9 to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberforce, and Lord Viscount Milton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trufcees, appointed to Devizes put in Execution Two Atfts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from II 'Sect La-

vington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of JVilts, and also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Five Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Eighteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Rozede Ford and Sheppard's Shord, and from The Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the said County of ffi/ts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said recited Acts into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the respective Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and, together with the Tolls, have been expended in repairing and supporting the said respective Roads; and that all the said Roads lead to and through the said Town of The Devizes, and the Petitioners conceive it would tend to the more easy and effectual Execution of the said Acts, and be attended with much lets Expence, jf the several Powers and Authorities thereby granted were consolidated, and put under the Management of One Set of TruRees, and 4 B the

150 Februarii. 1797-

the Terms granted by the Two first recited Acts enlarged, and extended to all the other Roads hereinbefore mentioned, and if the said several Acts were repealed, and all the Powers and Provisions, necefiliry for ' repairing, amending, and supporting, the said respective

Roads, were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joshua Smith, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Easterton in- Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according prdented 1 ° Order, a Rid for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tything of Easterion, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

chivereii in- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ST - thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands in the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parishes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Common Fidels, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, which lie intermixed and dilperfed, and, in their present Situation, cannot be managed and cultivated to Advantage, and that it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons interested, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof, according to their several Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parishes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the County of Wilts, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bouvcrie of Downton, and Mr. Bouverie of Northampton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the and1cl Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the Navigation House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Frith, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dahnuir-Burn-Foot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjlouness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Frith of Forth, the Petitioners were incorporated for making and completing the said Canal under certain Orders and Regulations, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by several subsequent Acts; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors,' upon certain Terms

and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trufi-tees, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were, out of the Monies therein mentioned, authorized to pay to the Petitioners, the Sum of £. 50,000 Sterling, towards completing the said Navigation, and other Works, subject to certain Conditions and Provisions in the said Act contained; and that the Petitioners have received the said Sum of £.50,000, and have now completed the Navigation and other necessary Works; but that Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of explaining and reconciling the before recited Acts, which, in some Instances, appear contradictory, in lb far as regards the Capital Stock of the Company, and the Mode of ascertaining the Amount of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the said Acts, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AFDozvall, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords Leeds: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Saint Breock Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-nal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, in with Amend-the County of Connvall, to Dimmer Bridge, in the mtau Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, R11-thern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called uuYubilrib-in; and, at the Bar, presented to the-House, pursuant td into stock, to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, subscribed into Stock, in Terms of an Act of the present Session, Hating the Amount of Three per Cent.

Four per Cent. and Five per Cent, Stock, created.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Justices, and Petition from Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of toranExcinp-Shrewfoury, was presented to the House, and read; tion in the Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Year 1784, 1001 £iA‘ obtained an Act for incorporating their Parishes, and establishing an House of Industry, for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor: That, in the Purchase of the necessary Lands, Buildings, Implements, and Machinery, the Petitioners have expended near £.8,000: That, by Means of this Establishment, the aged and infirm Poor have been comfortably provided for, the young trained up in Habits of Jnduftry and Decency, a Stop has been put to the great Frauds-and Abuses that prevailed in the parochial Expenditure, and those Poor, who have laboured under temporary Distress, have been more liberally abide.! and

rftivwd

H

Inch

V-

ir of

4

t of rt:n the

iai J

,>n *

I m

her

t:ic

Etc!

!il

i!c

r:?Ir

i.Ajb.

Ac'- *

]j .: /

?RU-

Worcester Debtors Petition.

,r 5-

Sapperton and Mackley Inclosure Petition.

37 Geo. III.

15° Februarii.

279

relieved in their own Dwellings than had before been Pieces of Waste Ground; and also, within the said found practicable; and that, while the Poor them- Townships or Liberties of Sapperton and a

selves have derived these important Benefits from this certain Common called Hare , and several other Institution, the Petitioners have also been very con- Commonable Places and Pieces of Wade Ground, fiderably relieved from the heavy and growing Burthen whereon the Petitioners and others have Right of Com-of parochial Taxes, and the Poor Rates for these mon for their Cattle, at all Times of the Year; and

united Parishes have, ever since the Commencement of this Undertaking, been reduced upwards of One Third, and the Amount of this Reduction, in the Term of Twelve Years subsequent. to this Establishment, is £.19,313. 13.1. 6 d.-, and that this very considerable Reduction has taken place, notwithstanding a further Charge of more than £. 2,000 upon the said Rates, for the erecting of Bridges thrown down by violent Inundations, the Maintenance of the Families of Men serving in the Militia, and the parochial Levies for the Army and Navy; and that the Petitioners are well convinced, these combined and incltimable Advantages have arilen from the good Management of the

that the fame, being liable to great Encroachments, and in other Relpecfts inconveniently circumstanced, are of little Value to the Persons interested therein; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing.

the said

Moor, Common, Common Meadow, Wastes, Commonable Places, and Pieces of Waite Ground, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Boards of Directors, appointed under the Authority of General and Mr. Coke of Derby do prepare *

the special Act granted for this Establishment; that and bring in, the fame, the Qualifications required have rendered these Boards

relpe<stable, the Number of Directors secured the Ad- A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Pcnifton? and vantage of combined Judgment and due Deliberation, thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the effectually prevented the Abule and the Oppression of rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an the Poor, and, from the particular Form of their Con- Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of flitution, enabled them to ad: with the Advantage of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and practical Knowledge and Experience in the Duties of widening the Road from the Town of in the

their Office; and that it is with deep Concern the Pe- Well: Riding of the County of to the Town of titioners apprehend that, by the Bill now depending in Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as (he laid Ad re-Parliament, the Management of Houses of Industry, lates to that Dillrid of the said Road lying betwixt and the Employment of the Poor therein, will be lub- Peniftone and was presented to the House, and

jeded to such Regulations, Superintendence, and Con- read; Setting forth, That the Tolls, collected by vir-troul, as will make void the Constitution and Establish- ‘ tue of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Dif-ment of that Board, under which their House hath so trid of Road from Peuijione to Sheffield, and the feve-greatly fiourished, and wholly set aside that Plan for the ral Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof. Maintenance, Education, and Employment of the Poor, have been duly applied in repairing and widening the from whence so great Good hath been derived; and laid Road, which is greatly improved, and is capable of that the Consequences will be extremely injurious to greater Improvement, by sundry Alterations or Di-the Petitioners, who, on the Faith of Parliament, have versions; and that there remains due, of the Money contracted so considerable a Debt, by embarking in borrowed and taken up on the Credit of the said Act, this Undertaking: That, by exempting Houses of In- several Sums, amounting together to £. 3,051, which duftry from the Operation of the intended Ad, these the Tolls and Duties, to be taken and received during evil Consequences will be avoided, and an Opportunity the Remainder of the Term granted by the said Act, afforded of ascertaining, from fair Experiment, whether will not be sufficient to discharge, and also to keep the said District of Road in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be continued and enlarged, anti the said Tolls altered and increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

the Plan adopted by the Petitioners, or that proposed by the intended Ad, be moll pradicable and expedient: And therefore praying, That a Clause, granting such Exemption to the Shreic/biiry House of Industry', may be introduced into, and form a Part of, the present given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the I'crm and Bill. Powers granted by the said Act of the Seventeenth

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Table, until the Report from the Committee of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

and Maintenance of the Poor, was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the Prisoners under Confinement for Debt, in the City Prison of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Lascelles,

he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the undersigned, being the Lord of Dajton incl. the Manor, the Tithe Owners, and Freeholders, of the lure Pet 5tlcn Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrybergh,in the West Riding of the County of 2ork, was presented to the Floufe, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township,

A Petition of the Right honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, having Right of Common upon the Moors, Commons, several Common Fields, or open uninclosed Lands, Common Meadows, Wastes, Commonable Places, and containing together, by Estimation, about 300 Acres; Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Liberties of and also several Parcels of Waste Land, containing Sapperton and Mackley, or one of them, in the Parish together, by Estimation, about 150 Acres; and that

of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby,was pre- it would be a great Advantage to all the Parties

lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Township of Sapperton, a certain Moor called Lea Moor, and a certain Common Meadow, and several other Commonable Places, and Vol. 52.

interested therein, and would tend much to the Improvement of their Estates, if the same were divided and inclosed, and exonerated from the Payment of Tithes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given

280

i 50 — 16° Februarii.

A.

797

tition.

given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Town ship of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley, ic. A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Dnunage Pe- Lands and Estates, within the several Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precimfts, and Territories, therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the several Parishes, TownQiips, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, Territories, or the Vicinities of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Saint Mary in Beverley, Sandholme,

Stockhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arrant,

Lockington, Ayke % Befwick,

wick, W'itton, Stanningholme, Hutton, other-

wife Hutton Cranfivick, Corpflanding, Rotfea,

Skearne, Brigham, Fishholme, Nafferton, Catllehblmes, Wandsford', Lowthorpe, Harpham, otherwise Great

Kelk, Little Kelk, Gembling, Fojlott, Haijlhorp,

Fraijlhorp, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, LiJJet,

Ulram, otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Dringhoe,

Brough, Beef ord. North Frodingham, Braudes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, house, Struncheon-Hill, Skidby, Cottingham, Halten-Price, Kirk Ella, Swaziland, Ferriby, Hefsle, The Holy Trinity, and Sculcoates, all in the East Riding of the County of York, and in the County of the Town of

upon-Hull,several low Grounds and Carrs, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which are subject to be frequently overflowed, and are otherwise, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were properly drained, and preserved from being overflowed, and put in a State of Improvement, very considerable Advantage would arise to the several Persons interested therein, and to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the said low Grounds and Carrs, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ‘Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it 'shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Lascelles,

fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ably improved: And therefore prating, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. St. John, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second London Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommoda- mitted. tion and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 13th and 20th Days of December last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That - the Bill be committed to Mr. Manning, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, defened.

V

L

tilrt

LX

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Harwood In closure Bill, presented.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Chalgrave,in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into ftnall Parcels, and lie intermixed with each other, and the fame, together with the other Commonable Lands and Grounds aforesaid, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments set out to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be consider-8

Jovisy 16° die Februarii; Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, , 1797. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Moses land, Peter Wornell, Thomas Mitchell the Elder, John

Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts-, and also, the Petition of William Wrightson and John Esquires,

complaining of an undue Election and Return'for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was diretfted by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, and a Member present, having taken the Oaths, and made

and

Confident ion of Downtoi\ Election Petitions deferred.

'7-

ave

in-

her

:er,

:ut

a!

is

Bj.cs.

K:'Jh-X" i -' bln,

ttpy,?

!:.T5L

W.r;d

y.

37 Gfco. III. i — -i 70 Februarii.

281

and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and fubJ feribed the Oath of Abjuration, and one of them having delivered in an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Confederation, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Execution of several Acts made for " the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker declared, That the House was adjourned to the same Time to which the Orders for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were adjourned as above-mentioned.

Venerisi 170 die Februarii;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP1' Regis, 797.

jPa AYERS.

And the Names of Four other Members, then pre-. lent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Abbot., Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Nicholas Ft , Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Com-riiittec by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said i Names, the Names of Whitjhed , Esquire, and Charles Brandling, Esquire, were drawn, who having sworn that they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were exculed from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Forty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards,

(before sworn); Four against whose Elections Petitions were depending; and Twenty-six on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Midhtdt

pownton Election Pe tit ions con-fideml;

THjfi Hour appointed for taking into Considera- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for tion the Petition of Moses Barling, William Mow- the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

land, Peter Wornell, Thomas Mitchell the Elder, John liament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of in the room of the Right honourable

of Downtoh,in the County of Wilts; and also the Pe- Douglas, who, since his Election for the said Borough, tition of William Wrightson and John Motteux, Esquires, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners complaining of an undue Election and Return for the for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's laid Borough, being come; Exchequer.

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of A Petition of the Most noble Henry Duke of the said Petitions. , an acting Trustee and Guardian of the Most noble

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker John Henry Duke of ,a Minor was presented

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are,

within the Parish of in the County of several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,' Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and that the said Duke of Rutland is Lord of the Manor of and entitled to a considerable

Part of the said Lands and Grounds, and William Peters, Clerk, and William Bijfill, Gentleman, are entitled to the Remainder thereof: and that the Property in the

Writ.

ltnipfon Inclosure Ptti tion.

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in« an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the said Fields and Meadows lies intermixed and dispersed Laws made for those Purposes; in small Parcels, and the said Pastures and other Com-

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One monable Lands and Grounds are, in their present State,

hundred and Twenty-three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out tsf the Box (before prepared) put into Six GJafles, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of One Member was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that being Matter of the Rolls, he conceived he could not attend the said Committee without rhaterial Inconvenience to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the Master of the Rolls , o having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was for making and maintaining a Navigable Communica-excused from serving bn the said Committee. tion between the Loughborough Canal and the Town

incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the Petitioner apprehends it would be for the Benefit of the said Duke of Rutland, and the said William Peters, and William Biffill, if the same were divided and incloled: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Asheton do prepare, and bring in, the same *

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the lc;certer Leicester Navigation, was presented to the House, and vigation Peti-read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the

tion.

VOL. 52.

of

; lj° Februarii. ."1797.

of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said -borough Canal, and for continuing the lame, by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of ;and that the

Petitioners have nearly completed the said Navigation, Water Levels, Railways, and Works, thereby authorized to be made; and that the Estimate for executing the said Undertaking, made by a' very able and experienced Engineer, amounted to the Sum of £.43,166, but that, for several Reasons, and principally on Account of the great Advance in the Price of Labour, during the Execution of the said Works, and of Damage done thereto by trolls, Snow, and Floods, in the severe Winter of 1794-5, the Expence of making the said Navigation, Water Levels, Railways, and other Works, and carrying on the same to this Time, amounts to a Sum far exceeding the said Estimate, and also much larger than the Sum the Petitioners are, by the said Act, enabled to raise amongst themselves for the Purposes aforesaid, the Whole of which has been long since contributed and expended; and the Petitioners have also contracted very considerable Debts in the Profetution of the said Works, and otherways fulfilling the Directions of the said Act; and that, by the making of the said Navigation, and the Facility of Water Carriage thereon, a Reduftiort of nearly One Third in the Price of Coals has taken place in' the Town of Leicester and its Neighbourhood, and in some Parts of the neighbouring Counties of Northampton and Rutland, and a considerable Reduction has also taken place in the Price of Carriage of all Articles of Merchandize passing upon the said Navigation, so as to make a very important Saving to the Public; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to discharge the Debts they have unavoidably contrafted as afore-skid, and to make the said Undertaking as completely and generally beneficial to the Neighbourhood and the Public as was originally intended, and as the Petitioners are satisfied it may be made, they submit to the House that it is necessary they should be empowered to raise such further Sitms of Money as may be required for the Completion of their Plan, and that, to enable them lb'to do, it is also necessary and reasonable that they should be ertabled to take an adequate additional Tonnage for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and 'other Vessels, laden with Coals, upon the said Navigation between Loughborough and Leicester; and that the said Act hath been found, in several Respects, defective. And requires to be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Grantham Mr. Pcchinreported from the Committee, to whom C;uwi Bill, the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of ,irned- the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and the' Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 30th Day of November last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee so the said Bill were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Hulmes Ch> the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers ' of Estates, or Inhabitants, in the County Palatine of

Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Egerton Leigh, Esquire, being examined, said. That the

Hoad from Hulmes Chapel, in the County Palatine of

Chester, from the present Turnpike Road leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to Che/ford Chapel, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the said Road was properly repaired, widened, turned, and altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present T'urnpike Road at Hulmes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to K, to the South Bridge in Chelford', in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel: And that Mr. Criweand Mr. Choimondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- petition in fa-unto subscribed, being Merchants and Owners of Ships Ymr1?f on' and Vessels belonging to the Port of in Be- BillS'

half of themselves and others interested in Shipping, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And praying, That the said Bill may be parted into a Law, as it would tend to remove the Evils complained of, and be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of Peter AndrewRu was presented Runquilt's to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat-1>etitl0IV given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Andersonand Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Bridgnorth, Bridgnorth in the County of Salop, and of several Gentlemen and Petl ' principal Inhabitants residing in Bridgnorth, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House,

and

5 fh?

; n„.

i,

f"o:n

' a.'V

t; i to

be

OHl fc-fc are

ers

of

a *

:he

ied

be

to

Js

nc

r-

of

m

In

is

:e

ie

d

r

T

5

1

1

?r-

R:': Ni:;:

37 Geo. III. 17

Wrra Roads Petition.

Stoke Gold-ington and

Newport Pag ftfl Roads Petition.

and read; Setting forth, That the Carriage Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, hath, from the Violence of the Floods, been l'o greatly damaged as to be rendered very dangerous for the Paf-l'age of Persons, Cattle, and Carriages: That the Avenues leading from the said Bridge are very narrow and incommodious; and it is of great Consequence to the Inhabitants of Bridgnorth and to the Public, that the present Bridge should be effectually repaired, and the Avenues leading from the same widened and rendered fate and convenient; or, that a new Carriage Bridge should be built over the said River, at or near the Place where the present Bridge now stands, and proper Avenues opened and made therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing the present Bridge, and widening the Avenues leading from the same; or, for building such new Bridge as aforesaid, and opening and rendering the Avenues from the same safe and convenient for Travellers and Carriages, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Browne Mr.

Whitmore , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and 'Records.

A Petition of several Persons, who lately acted as Trufcees for the Repair of the Road leading from in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at garlh, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from in the County of Salop,to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth,

and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, the Term of which hath been suffered to expire; and that, during the Continuance of the said Ait, the Trustees appointed by and under the fame, proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain unpaid; and that the Money so owing, together with the Tolis collected upon the said Roads, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progrels hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; and that, the Tolls hitherto collected being found insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so due and owing, and effectually to amend and keep the said Roads in Repair, some additional Tolls, and some further Powers and Authorities, are requisite to be given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine 'the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Mr. Haivkins Browne, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Tru (dees, appointed to put into Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the

Vol. 52.

Fifteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and for repairing the Road from the Bridge of

port Pagnel,in the County of Bucks, to the said Horse-

jhoe House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls authorized to by collected, have been applied towards the Repairs of the said Roads, and great Progrels hath been made therein, but the same cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid be paid off, during the Terms already granted; and that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Acts, to enable the Petitioners to complete the Repairs of the said Roads, and pay oft' the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said several Acts of Parliament, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. of Northampton,

Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow'er to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Porter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Tw'o Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Basingfloke, through Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County of South-

ampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, W'as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gore Langion presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puritan, in the County of SoAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gore Langtonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Othery in the County of Somerset:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Corporation of Guardians of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Parishes, Chapelries, and Townships, united therewith,

in

Basingfloke Roads Bill, reported.

Puriton Tn-clolure Bill, presented.

Other}f Inclo lure Bill, presented.

Petition from Montgomery and Pool against the Poor BdJL

i.

284

170 Februarii.

A.

1797.

in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, and other Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said united District, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That induced by the great Advantages appearing to have been derived from the Establishment of a House of Industry, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, the Petitioners applied for, and obtained, an Act of Parliament, in the Year 1792, for erecting a House of Industry, for the better Maintenance and Employ- House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overs'eers of the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint James minster. Saint Pancras, Saint Ann Wefhninfier, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint George Hanover Square, the Liberty of the Rolls, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, the united Parishes of Saint Andrew and Saint George

the Martyr, and the joint Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George B/oomsbury, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, was also presented to the

Petition frotf certain Pari lhes in Welt-mi 1 liter a ainst the Poor Bill.

nient of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and several other Parishes and Places united therewith, and in the Year 1795 obtained another Act, to give additional Powers for carrying their Purposes more effedhtally into Execution; and that, in obtaining those Acts, purchasing Lands, erecting the necessary Build ings, and providing Furniture, Machinery, and Implements, the said Corporation has already expended upwards of £. 16,000; and that, since the Establishment of the said House, the aged and infirm Poor have been

Bill; and Setting forth, That Tf the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be injurious to, and materially affect the Rights, Interests, and Properties, of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, and tend very considerably to increase the Poors Rates, without being of Advantage to the really industrious or deferring Poor; and that the Petitioners conceive the Provisions, contained in the said Bill, are not calculated to effect the Purposes thereby intended, and will be the Means

comfortably provided for, the able usefully employed, of defeating and rendering ineffectual many salutary

according to their Abilities, the young educated, and trained up in the Principles of religious and moral Duties, and in Habits of Industry, and such as from Sick-ness or Accident laboured under temporary Distress, properly allifted and relieved in their own Habitations,

Regulations now in Force within the said several Parishes, whereby the Poor' are at present maintained, employed, and regulated, with the greatest Attention to their Accommodation and Relief: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel,

and a conlkierable Check given to Idleness, Vagrancy, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass

into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet *

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Jtyeand

Kamlgate

and Vice; and that the Petitioners are well convinced, from their present Experience, that the Benefits arising from this Institution will be much extended to the Poor, as well as to the Petitioners, the Management being under the Direction of a Board, which, according to the Acts, mull be composed of Twenty-eight of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, and Clergy, of the respective Parishes in the District, possessed of Property, which renders them respedable, and whose regular Attention, divided into Committees, and their coliedive Attendance at their Weekly Meetings, secure to this thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for carrying HarSnW-.

District extensive Information, due Deliberation, and combined Judgment; and that the Petitioners find, with deep Concern, that a Bill is now before Parliament for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, by which, if paired into a Law, the Management of Houses of Industry, the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor therein, and the Relief of the Out Poor, within the respective Districts in which those Houses are established, will be put into other Hands, and be under such Regulations, Superintendence, and Controul, as will wholly set aside the Establishment made

into Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of tition. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted " by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King " William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour,

" and which have been by several other Acts continued " till the 12th Day of May 1765, and for applying " the same to completing and keeping in Repair the " Harbour of Rye,in the County of SnJJ'ex, and for " more effectually completing anil keeping in Repair " the said Harbour," and also of the several other

in this District on the Faith of Parliament, at the great Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being

Expence of more than £. 16,000; and although an Amendment of the General Poor Laws may be necessary,. yet the Petitioners are not aware, nor can they conceive, that it will be expedient or proper to extend the same to incorporated Districts in which Houses of Industry ate established under special Acts of Parlia-liament, and they beg Leave to suggest the Propriety of exempting such Districts from the Operation of the intended Ad, in order to afford the Nation an Oppor

Trustees named and appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of " Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for cleansing,

" amending, and preserving, the Haven of,

" in the same County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act of the Eleventh and

tunity of proving, from Experience, whether the Re- Twelfth of King William the Third, having found that

the new Harbour of Rye cannot be formed or made to answer the Object and Purposes intended by the said Act, have for fonie Years discontinued making any Improvement therein; and that the Petitioners therefore conceive it to be for the Interest of the Public, that so much of the Duties imposed on the Mailers, Owners, or Skippers of Ships, Vessels, and Crayers,

gulations of such an 'Ad, or the Plan now carrying into Effect by the Petitioners, will bell answer the good Intention of the Legislature; and that the Petitioners, from the intimate Knowledge they have of the Inhabitants and local Circumstances of this District, are confident that the Execution of the intended Ad will be attended with considerable Difficulty, and a

great Increase of Expence, without producing any Ad- passing from, to, or by Dover, as by the said Act of vantage to the Poor therein: And therefore praying, the Fourth Year of His present Majesty are directed That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that a to be appropriated, paid, and applied, for completing Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted therein, to exempt and keeping in Repair the said new Harbour of Rye,

the Montgomery and Pool united District and House of Industry from the Operation and Effect thereof.

should cease to be raised and levied from and after the 24th Day of June 1798, and that no further Attempts

should

797-

r!«rs of s 11'eg.ft':-1' < -U";r-

of the f < unired Gc,v "‘la tit alf of 'i the

) the

e laid Wd

:!1 be Ir,

' die )' to

ant-

and

:on-

the

MS

tary

Pal

ied,

ioa

i'S

:er

m

:o

ie

c

r

» hdi

! HnA

ttiea

37 Geo. III. 170 Felruarii, 285

should be made for the improving of the said new Harbour of Rye-, and that a Debt hath been contrafted on Account of the Works heretofore done in improving the said new Harbour of Rye, and it is necessary ' that Provision should be made for paying off and dif-

charging such Debt out of the Produce of the Tolls and Duties raised under Authority of the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that the Sum of £.5,714. 5J. 9d. Old South Sea Annuities, how {landing in the Names of the Sub-Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas (which Stock was purchased, under Authority of the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as a Fund to indemnify the Owners of certain Marsh Lands and Hereditaments near, or adjoining to, Rye Harbour, against such Damage as should arise to them in the Execution of the same Act) together with the further Sum of£. 2,500, to be paid by the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, should be transferred to certain Trustees in the last mentioned Act, for the Purpose of improving the old Harbour of Rye, and that such Trustees be empowered to feil certain Houses, Lands, Tenements, and other Property, and to apply the Money arising therefrom for indemnifying such Persons as are, or shall be, prejudiced by any of the Works already done towards completing the new Harbour of Rye, or by Reason of abandoning that Undertaking, subject to certain Regulations; and that the said Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Harbour of Ramsgate, requires to be amended, and further Provisions are wanting for carrying the Intent thereof into complete Effect: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Combe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exton and Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do make the Re-

Cutcombe in- port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for disported?111' viding, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Wdle Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cv.tcombe Mohun and Cut combe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Ciitcombe, in the same County, was committed.

Mr. Gore Langton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the Petition of Elizabeth Pollard, of Chilton, in the Parish of Moor-linch, in the County of Somerset, Widow, Proprietor of certain Estates, in the Parish of Exton, in the said County, referred to their Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and also to the changing the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Vol. 52.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, Owners of, or Whitchurch otherwise interested in, the several Common Fields, t1i" ure Ic Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Whit-church, in the County of Southampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the H.use, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Common Fields, Common Downs,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement, and which would be rendered of far greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the said Parish of Whitchurch, wkh such Powers, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Brodrick and Mr. Townshend do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to o:a siratford whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts -of Parliament, of the Third,' reported. Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder mivfter and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick, and also for repairing the Road leading from the first Mile Stone standing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mick/eton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the fame' relates to the first-mentioned Road, wras referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts w ere read: And,

Mr. Thomas Hunt being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts so far as relates to the said first-mentioned Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Money arising by the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be re-paid, nor the said first-mentioned Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as concerns the said Road, are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester, so far as

4 D relates

'I

:j

1

1

Norfolk Assizes Bill, deferred.

Skiobrldgc and Borough' Jjridge Roads Petiti in, reported.

J.->rds Amendment -; j Saint Btx lek. and Bodmin C inal Bill agreed to.

286

170 Februarii. 1797.

relates to the Road leading from a Gate called Ship-ston Toll Gates at Bridge-Tozvn, in the Parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Shipjion upon Stower9 to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 31st Day of December last, for reading a Second Time, upon Wednesd next, the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Callle of Norwich, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdaySevennight, the ill Day of March

next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over to Borough-

bridge, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants of the said City and County, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. fames Collins being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said Acts, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Road, and which have been laid out for and towards the repairing and amending the said Road, and that a Toll Gate or Turnpike hath likewise, in pursuance of the said Acts, been set up across the said Road; and that the several Sums so borrowed are due and owing, and the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said Acts are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and to repair and keep in Repair the said Road.

And the Witness further added, That the Term granted by the latter of the said Acts is nearly expiring.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Read from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Bcrcughbridge, in the County of York: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Baldwin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Breock, in the County of Cornwall, to Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and all'o a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Ruthern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. ult. Leave out from cafe" to " by" in Press 21. 1. 4.

Pr. 21. 1. 5. Leave out " luch" and insert

" any."

1. 18. Leave out " so," and in the same Line after " be" insert " so."

And it appearing that the first of the said Amendments was to leave out the Words " any such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, shall die or quit the " Service of the said Proprietors, or of such Committee, or" which Words were inserted in the said Clause, by a clerical Inaccuracy, as they implied, connected with the Words of the Context, to give a Power of Removal of any of such Officers by the Assembly of Proprietors, or the Committee, in the Calc of the Death of any of such Officers, as well as in the same of their Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability: And that the said Amendment, together with the subsequent Amendments made in Con'e-quence thereof, were entirely for the Purpoic of rectifying the said Mistake, and that no Alteration whatsoever was made by the said Amendments in the Meaning or Intention of the said Bill;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

A Petition of the Reverend Smith, Clerk, Holtirelofur *

Lord of the Manors of Holt, Holt Hales, and Holt pcti[lon> Market, in the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Holt, in the said County, and Rector and Incumbent of the said Parish of Holt, and of several other Persons, being Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish of Holt, or otherwise interested in the Premises, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parish, certain Whole Year Lands, and also divers Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, or reputed Warrens, Commons,

Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Wallc Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and that the same are subject to several Rights of Shcepwalk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights; and certain Lands in the Parish of Letheringfett,in the same County, are also lub-

jedt to the said Rights ol Shcepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and it woilc! be of manifest Advantage to all the Persons inter, lied in the Premises if such Rights were extingudlied, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specitic Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their r.Ypeftive Estates, Rights, and Interests, therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names x,tlilin?ho-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- r0Ul-1' V-g'1'ft prietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Irthlingborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said

Common'

'i :CiB

HireAvocxt Tn-closure Kill, pic killed.

37 Geo. III.

17° Februarii.

287

Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Petition to

Confirm the pivilion ami luciomiv of Bljtiu r\vick Open fields.

Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dick ins do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of Henry O'Brien, of in the

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Ducie, chirlion in-Lord of the Manors of Charlton, in the Parishes of cJofurtPe-

Chichrfler Ruatis Bill, €cpuited.

County of Northampton, Esquire, was presented to the Pet bury, and in the County of Gloucester,

House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the Parish of Blalherzvickaforesaid, several old inclosed

Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioner; and there are also several Lands and Grounds which were heretofore Open Field Lands, Part whereof was Glebe Land, belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, but the said Open Field Lands have long since been divided and inclosed, and Part thereof was let out to the Reiftor, in lieu of his Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and the same is now held and enjoyed by him, free from all Right of Common of the Petitioner, and the Remainder belongs to the Petitioner, and is held and enjoyed by him, free from all Right of Common of the said Redfcor; and that the said Field Lands, which belong to the Petitioner, as also the said old incloled Lands and Grounds, are subject to the Payment of Tithes, both great and small, or certain Modules, of other Payments in lieu of Tithes, to the Rector of the said Parish; and that the confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of the said Field Lands, and the Extinguishment of the Right of Common thereon, and exonerating all the Lands and Efhites of the Petitioner, within the said Parish, from Payment of Tithes, and all Modules and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, upon making proper Compensation to the Redthr of the said Parish in lieu thereof, would be of great Convenience to the Petitioner, and of considerable Benefit to the Rector:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that their present State, are incapable of any considerable All-. Pozvys and Air. Dickins do prepare, and bring in Improvement; and that the same may be greatly im-the lame. proved, and rendered much more valuable and advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if Air. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, ac- divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Per-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fonsfo interested, according to their respective Rights several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may and several Aloors or Commons, within the Manor and be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid,

tition.

and also a Proprietor of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manors and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors and Parishes aforesaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the same may be greatly improved, and rendered much more valuable and advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in' a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Alanner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

' pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Edward Darell, Esquire, Lord of the Coin Saint Manor of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of G/ou- tennis indorser, and also Owner of certain Lands and Heredita- sure Petltlon-ments within the said Manor and Parish, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Aleadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in

Parish of Harezvood,in the County of York: And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from Mr. John Pitt and Sir John do prepare, and the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the bring in, the fame. -

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two

Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year A Petition of Ianfon, William Petition from

of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Majhiter, and Thomas Platt, Esquires, was presented to Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- st. Catherine's

tioners are the Owners and Occupiers of certain pub-lie Sufferance Wharfs, called Irongate Wharf, and a?n Docks"'

Catherine's Wharf, near the Tower of London, and also &c. BilL of certain extensive, commodious, and substantial Ware-houses, belonging to, or used with, the said Wharfs; and that the Petitioners, or some of them, have, for many Years part, carried on the Business of Wharfingers, by landing, shipping, and houling, Foreign

repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Su/Jex, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, at the North End of Farn-hi.rfl Lam, through JHidhurst,to the City of arid from Lhichcfer aforesaid to all in

laid County of Safe.':, was committed.

accordingly reported from the said Com-

c refer.

th

ic

Mr.

tee/e

tnittee, That the Committee had examined the Alle Vol. ?2.

and

Shitlington Inclosure Petition.

Ho!well In-clulurc Petition.

288

T7

Februarii.

A. 1797.

and other Merchandize, and have expended considerable Sums of Money in and about their said Wharfs, ' Warehouses, and Business, which said Wharfs and Warehouses, from their local Situation, are peculiarly calculated to secure and protect the Public Revenue, accommodate the Merchants of London, and discharge all the Duties appertaining to Legal Quays at the Port of London-, and that a Bill for making Wet Docks and other Works in Wapping and Parts adjacent, is now depending in the House, which will greatly injure, if not wholly annihilate, the Business carried on by the Petitioners, and render their said Wharfs and Warehouses of very inconsiderable Value, if some Provisions, at present omitted, are not thereby, or otherwise, secured to the Petitioners; and they apprehend and doubt not but they shall be able to prove, that the said Bill is in other Respects injurious: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, and to offer Clauses for Compensation and Indemnity, or the Grant of Privileges fimi-lar to those which the intended Dock Company are foliating, in regard to Legal or Free Quays, and for such other Relief as the Wildom of Parliament may think the Petitioners entitled to, and also to offer such Proof and Arguments in Opposition to the said Bill, in its present Form, as they shall be adviled.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Shitlington, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dilperfed and intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and I11-terefts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Shitlington, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Id'hit bread, Mr. St. John, and Mr. OJborn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Halve ell, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dilperfed and intermixed,

4

SuMYht lJ tn eloidic bill, rcjx>rxc«i *

and, in their present Situatiort, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interefts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. St.John, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Simon Tor he reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land, called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Szoayfield, and to the Parish of

Corby,in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; ami that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and m ule several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into PoorBin, further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant February.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names ot Charles Abbot, Eicjuire, and Nicholas Esquire,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Thomas Tyrzvhilt, Esquire, Bryan Edwards, Esquire,

John Angcrfcin, Esquire, Charles Smith, Esquire, Francis

Gregor, Esquire, Isaac Gascoyne, Esquire, Robert Sewell,

Esquire, Robert Honyman, Esquire, Gabriel

Steward, Esquire, George AugFallen, Esquire, Sir Robert Ain/lie, James S haute, Esquire, Currie,

Esquire, Charles Allot, Esquire, Nicholas Vanjittart, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition ol MofesBarling, William Mow-land, Peter Thomas

Alitchell the Elder, John Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of in the County of

pc'vntoa

Election

Committee

appointed.

37 Geo. III.

i j6 — 20°

489

of Wilts-, and also, the Petition of William Wrightson Mr. Mr. Fordyce, and Mr. Boyd, do prepare, and John Motteux, Esquires, were sworn by the Clerk and bring in, the lame, at the Table, in the ul'ual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections *

Mr. Anstruther prefen ted to the House, according to BiHtoenaUe Order, a Bill to enable the East . Company to to

raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, inerr.-ff their and to extend the Provisions, now existing, respecting

ljjll to enable The House was moved, That the Petition of the

the Eoit India United Company of Merchants of England trading to increaseThdr the East Indies, which was presented to the House on the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secoiid Time Capital Stock, the 20th Day of December lall, and then ordered to lie upon Wednesday Morning next, ordered. upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the East India Company to raile -Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions, now eiifting, respecting the present Stock of the Company, to ‘the laid increased Stock:

And that Mr. Anstruther , Mr. David Scott, and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same *

Quakers Relief Bill, deferred *

Account of the Commissioners for improving the

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Penbns for Non-payment of Tithes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. front

the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation, attended at the Door; he was

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morh- Supply, de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcrred; House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mord- Ways arid ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Means, deferred;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock:

Lunat, 20° die Februarii}

Anno

Prayers *

Georgii

IIP11 Regis, 1797:

Thames Navi- callecl in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, cation,pre- r , o- 1 n. rn , .

lented.

pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Money received and disbursed

A Petition of the Directors and principal Inhabi- Petition froiti tants of the United Parishes of At chant Atcham-

ter, Berringion, Cwul, Eaton Constantine, Leighton, (Wan Exemp-'

by the Commissioners appointed for improving and Ffftngton, and and the Chapelry of Cref- non in the

completing the Navigation of the Thames, for the Year jage-> in the County of Salop, was presented to the I>00rBlfl *

1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Year 1792, obtained an Act for incorporating their Parishes, and establishing a House of Industry, for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor i That, in the Purchase of Lands, whereon to erect the

The said Account is preferred amongst the other necessary Buildings, and in erecting the fame, with the *

Papers of this Session.

Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, See. deferred.

Purchase of Implements and Machinery, the- Petitioners have expended the Sum of £. 5,000: That, by Means of this Establishment, the aged, the lick, and infirm Poor have been comfortably provided for, the young taught to read, trained up in the Habits of In-

Committee on Mutiny Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morn- duftry and Decency, and a Knowledge of Religious ing next. Duties, a Stop has been put to the great Frauds and

Abuses that prevailed in the Parochial Expenditure, Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve and those Poor, who have laboured under temporary itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Distress or Disability, have been more liberally a/hlted

Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

and relieved in their own Dwellings, than had been before found pra&icable: That, while the Poor themselves have derived these important Benefits from tin's Institution, the Petitioners have also been very considerably relieved from the growing Burthen of the Parochial Taxes; and that, although the Time of their Institution, and the expensive Years they have experienced, have prevented them from hitherto diminish-

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ing their Rates, they are yet enabled to state, that, in

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

many Parishes adjoining, these Rates have increased in a much greater Proportion, and that several of those Parishes, from their Knowledge of this Fa<ft, have lince expressed their Wilh to be admitted into the Corporation: That the Petitioners are well convinced

Libotton's Nat. Petition.

A Petition of Anthony Henry Libotton, was presented thele combined and inestimable Advantages have ariien to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be from the good Management of the Boards of Di rest ora ' given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. appointed under the Authority of the special Act

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, granted for this Establishment; and that the Quail-according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ftcations required have rendered these Boards relpcc-VOL.52. 4 £ table,

1

MUD

Dunton Inclosure BU1> rcporttcL

Petition to amend Act for inclosing Corlc Lawn.

290 200 Februarii A. .1797.

table, the Number of Directors secured the Advan- in the said Act named, being Part of the Common tage of combined Judgment and due Deliberation, ef- called Ccrfe as appurtenant to their said Estates

feftually prevented the Abuse and Oppression of the respectively; and, that they might be delirous of trying Poor, and, from the particular Form of their Consti- such Rights at Law, it was therefore (amongst other tution, enabled them to act with the Advantage of Things) Enacted, That it should be lawful for any One prastical Knowledge and Experience in the Duties of or more of the Persons, seised or possessed of any of the their Office: That it is with deep Concern the Peti- Estates in the said Parish of to commence and

tioners apprehend that, by the Bill now depending in prosecute, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record Parliament, the Management of Houses of Industry, at Westminster, One or more Action or Actions, against. and the Employment of the Poor therein, will be sub- any of the Persons having Lands within the said Parish jested to such Regulations, Superintendence, and Con- of and claiming Right of Common in and upon troul, as will make void the Constitution and Efta- the said Tract of Land, being Part of the said Com-blishment of that Board, under which their House hath mon called Corse Lawn as aforesaid, for ascertaining the hitherto flourished, and wholly set alide that Plan for Right of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and other Proprie-the Maintenance, Education, and Employment, of the tors of Estates in the Parish of Staunton aforesaid. Poor, from whence so great Good hath been derived; claiming such Right of Common, and to prosecute and that the Consequences will be extremely injurious such Action or Actions in Manner as in the said Act. to the Petitioners, who, on the Faith of Parliament, -mentioned; and it was further Enacted, That, in case have contracted so considerable a Debt, by embarking it should be found that the Owners of Estates within in this Undertaking: That, by exempting Houses of the said Parish of Staunton were, in respect thereof, Jnduftry from the Operation of the intended Act, these entitled to such Right of Common upon the said evil Consequences will be avoided, and an Opportu- Tract of Land, then the Commissioners in the said nity afforded of ascertaining, from fair Experiment, Act named, or any Three of them, should, and they whether the Plan adopted by the Petitioners, or that were thereby required, to set out the Allotment of proposed by the said intended Act, be moll practicable such Part of the said Tract of Land as aforesaid, for, and expedient: And therefore praying, That a Clause, or in lieu of, such Right of Common, in One entire granting such Exemption to the Aicham House of In- Plot or Parcel of Land adjoining to the said Parish of duftry, may be introduced into, and form a Part of, the Staunton, or as near thereto as might be, to be held and present Bill. enjoyed in Common by the Owners of Estates in the

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ire upon the said Parish of Staunton, entitled to such Right of Corn-Table, until the Report from the Committee of the mon as aforesaid, free from all Right of Common in re-whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support speft of any Estates within the said Parish of Corse and Maintenance of the Poor, was committed, be taken That, soon after the passing of the said Act, certain into further Consideration. Persons, being severally Owners of, or interested in,

Estates in the said Parish of Staunton, and claiming Mr. John Pitt reported from the CommitteeV to1 Rights of Common in and upon the said Tract of whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Land, being Part of the said Common called Corse Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- Lawn, in respect of their said Estates in Staunton afore-monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, said, commenced Actions at Law in His Majesty's in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Court of King's Bench at Wef.minfer, against Charles Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- B Henry Healing, and 'Thomas , having le-ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, verally Lands within the said Parish of Corje, and claim-had been complied with; and that the Committee ing Right of Common in and upon the said Tract of had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Land; and such respective Claims have been fubftan-the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned tiated, and, in consequence thereof, the said Commis-had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction lioners, or the major Part of them, have made an Al of the Committee (except the Owner of Two Cottage lotment to the said several Claimants of One entire Rights, who could not be found; and that the whole Plot or Parcel of Land (Part of the said Common Number of Cottages entitled to Right of Common called containing by Admeasurement Five

are 33; and that no Person appeared before the Com- hundred and Thirteen Acres One Rood and Six Perches, mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee and the Remainder of the said Tract of Land in the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- laid Parish of Corse hath been allotted to, and divided ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report amongst, and inclosed by, the several Land Owners of to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the said Parish of and other Persons interested

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- therein, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act: ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- That great Inconvenience has arisen in consequence of ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second the said Commissioners not having Power to subdivide Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally and allot the said entire Plot or Parcel of Land amongst put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the said several Persons entitled thereto; and that

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mas Jakcman and some other Persons, Owners of Estates ingrossed. in a certain Part of the Parish of Eldersfield, appear

to be all'o entitled to Rights of Common upon the A Petition of the thereunder-signed Land Owners said Tract of Land, Parcel of the said Common called of the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloueefer, and Corse Lawn, lying in the said Parish of Corse, in respect other Persons having Rights of Common within the of their said several Estates, but no Allotments could said Parish of Corse, was presented to the House, and be made to them, in regard that no Provision is made read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the by the said Act for that Purpose; it has therefore been Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- judged most adviseable to make them a Compensation jesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- in Money for their refjreftive Rights of Common, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, which they are willing to accept: And therefore pray-and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Corse, in the County of Gloueefer,it is, amongst other subdividing, allotting, and inclosing the before-men-Things, recited, that the Owners of several Estates, tioned Plot or Parcel of Land amongst the several Per-lying in the Parish of Staunton, claimed to be entitled fons to whom the same was so as aforesaid set out and to Common of Pasture in and upon the Tract of Land allotted by virtue of the said Act, and for making a 3 Compensation.

1

37 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

Compensation in Money to the several Persons so as aforesaid appearing to be entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Trad of Land in respect of their said Estates in Eldersfield aforesaid, and to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Act, made and patfed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corfie, in the County of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Blaskney, &c. A Petition of Charles , Esquire, the Reverend

tta!nfireI>e Thomas Porter, John Sewell, and others, whose Names are thereunto fubforibed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Parishes of

ney, Scopwick, and Kirkby Green, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Parish of Blankney, there are certain Open Fields, Heath, Commons, Half Year's Meadow and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole upwards of 1,400 Acres, that, in the Parish of Scop-wick, there are several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Heath, Half Year's Meadow, and Waste Lands, containing together 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts, and, in the said Parish of Kirkby Green, there are several small Pieces of Commonable and Waste Land; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Heath, Commons, and Half Year's Meadow Lands, in the said Parishes respectively, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commons, Half Year's Meadow and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Blankney, Scopwick, and Kirkby Green, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Simon Torke and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame. _

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Barling,

Motvland, Peter Wornell, Thomas Mitchell the Elder,

John Matthrws, and John Edfa/l,did not appear to the

laid Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Edward to

the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select: Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir William Scott, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select: Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Whichcote, Baronet, Charles Wakot, Tim-Chaplin, Peter Auriol Hay Drummond, King, Ef-

quires, and others, whole Names are thereunto fub tition?8' leribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Low Lands, called The Dales, within the Hamlets or Townlliips, and Parishes, of Walcot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timber land

Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlets or Town-ships, and Parishes, certain Low Lands, called The Dales, containing 2,800 Acres, or thereabouts, which are subject: to be flooded, and, in their present State, yield but little and uncertain Profit to the Owners j and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same wer£ embanked and drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and draining certain Low Lands, called The Dates, within the Hamlets or Townships, and Parishes, of IValcot, Timber land-Thorpe, Timber land Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as' to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Simon Torke, Mr.

&c. 1 And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mi1. Gregor, from the Select: Committee, who were ♦trained. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Moses Barling, William Mowland, Peter ttell, Thomas Mitchell the Elder, John Matthews, and John Edfall, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, and also, the Petition of William Wrightson and John Motteux, Esquires, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Edward Bouverie is duly clected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts:

And also. That the said Select: Committee have determined.

That Sir William Scott, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Downton:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said William Wrightson and John Motteux, Esquires, did not appear to the iaid Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

Vol. 52.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is King's Coin concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Bill, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Swayfield, and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County, which Bill was, upon Friday'last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majestyfs Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned,.that the House may do therein as they Hull think fit.

And the said Bill (being ingrafted) was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title BUI paired, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of

Open

v

292 so0 Februarii. . 1797 *

Open Land called The Intei-common, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Swayfield, and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gloucester A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

and Berkeley Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, was prei'ented to the

Canal Compa- T. /, , „ r.

nysPetition. House, and read; betting forth, that, in the Ihirty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was patted for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley (in such Line as was described in a Map or Plan and Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers, of the Lands through which the same was intended to be carried) and it was thereby Enacted, that the said Plan and Book of Reference, or a Duplicate thereof, should, before the said Canal Company should begin to make the said Canal, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and that the said Canal Company, in making the said Canal, should not deviate from the Line or Course thereof, described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference, without the Consent, in Writing, of the Person or Persons through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation should be made; and that, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act, the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference were deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, before the said Canal Company began to make the said Canal, and, since the same were lb deposited, considerable Progress hath been made in cutting and forming the said Canal, and making the Bason, Docks, and other Works, authorized to be made by the said Act; and that, by a Deviation from the said Line, the deep cutting in the several Parishes of -bridge, Fr amp ton upon Severn, Fret heme, Saul,

htirft, Moreton-Valence, and Standifti, in the said County of Gloucester, may be avoided, Advantages would accrue to the Land Owners, the Line of the Canal be shortened, the Navigation thereof improved, a considerable Expence to the said Canal Company saved, and the Completion of the said Canal much expedited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as restrains the said Canal Company from making a Deviation in the Line of the said Canal without the Consent, in Writing, of the Person or Persons through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation may be made, so far only as relates to the Lands within the said Pa-rifiies of Slim bridge , Frampton upon Severn,

Saul, IVheatenhurst, Moreton-Valence, and Standifti, and for authorizing the said Canal Company to deviate from the Line described as aforesaid, within the said Parishes of Slimbridge, Frampton upon Severn, Fretherne, Saul, IVheatenhurst, Aloret on-Valence, and Standifti, and to make the said Canal through such Parts of those several Parishes, in such Line as is described in a Map or Plan and Book of Reference which were deposited in the OiFice of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, on the 30th Day of September

H96-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: 1

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's ('lumber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sahara Toney A Petition of James Esquire, Lord of the

iitfon.Ul': 1>t Lnor of Saham Toney, and of the /everal Persons, whole Names are thereunto subsetibed, being Owners

J

of the greatest Part of certain Lands and Grounds within tire said Manor, in the Parish of Saham Toney, in the County of Norfolk, called Whole Year Lands,

Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, and greatly interested in the Commons, Commonable W'ood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Parish, was presented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are respectively subject to certain Rights or Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part thereof is inconveniently situated; and it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons having such Rights and Interests as aforesaid, if the same were extinguished upon a proper Compensation being made to them, and if the said Lands and Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Per *

Ions concerned, according to their respective Estates,

Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir John iVodehouse, and Mr. Anson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the Iloule, according HuirtiEpif-to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, J1 Il lo(Qrt the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within ftmed? the Parish of Hv.isti Episcopi, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open winp Tndo and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Com- nominated, mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. TynvhittDrake, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, a'nd inclosing. Exton and the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Cutcombe fn- Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also '

within the several Manors of Cutcombe and Cut-

combe Raw/eigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the fame

County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe Mohun and Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Henry D'Aubeny and Robert Poore, Ef- Holnel!, fcr. quires, and the several other Persons whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Houl'c, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of Hohaell and Woodbridge, and in the Parish of Hol-well, in the County of Somerset, certain Open, Common, and Waste Lands, called Rich's Common, other-wile Windmill Hill, Broad Common, New Common, Sandhill Common, and Buckjhaw Common, containing 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their prefect Open and Uncultivated State, are but of little Value, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be highly advantageous to the Petitioners and the several Parties interested therein, and the Public at large, if the same were inclosed, divided, and allotted, to and amongst the several Proprietors, in Ipccific Shares, in lieu of, and in proportion to their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights: And therefore praying.

'97.

r°"-!s r,

1 ftV"

J.,rV

rr,...'

: - :v

\r

t; ar:J

!!$ if'

: P,r:

I :'jr

' ft Is u!;a!

iw-

i;ut

veal

b:i,

77 n."--

- - k.-. :.in v..,.

37 Geo. III.

20° Febmariu

293

Somerton, See, Inclosure Petition.

wi r-s

are ie

% It.-'! he " n.

ne

1 :ie Birmouth

he Harbour Peti-

ih , in k tion.

1C :o

: h t

, Lr:;/ c l&i ]

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the fame:

Ordered;That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. Dickinson, Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John ATichtll, Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the Parishes of Somerton and Compton Dundon, in the County of Somerset, certain Bridge, over the River in the said City, is an an-Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common cient Stone Bridge, and the Passage over the same is Failures, and Waste Lands, and also certain Allot- narrow and incommodious; and the Alcent to, and ments, lately Part of King's Sedgmoor, containing, in Descent- from, the Crown thereof are sleep and incon-Ihe YV'hole, by Estimation, 4,000 Acres and upwards; venient; and that the Streets or Avenues on the East anti there is also, within the Parish of Long Sutton, in or North East Side of the said Bridge, and leading the said County, a certain Allotment, lately Parcel of thereto, from and out of Spurriergate and into

King's Sedgmoor, containing 605 Acres, and certain and along Low , all in the Parish of Saint

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Vaughan,

Mr. Barlow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Turk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Bridge, called Ouse tion.

Commonable Meadow and Pasture Lands, called South-meed and Kiugfnioor, situate in or near the several Pa-

rishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingsdon, Northover, and' llchester, and the Hamlets or Tithings of Widcombe, AJJt, and Milton, all in the Parish of Martock, in the said County of Somerset, some or one of them, containing, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners have, and claim to be entitled to, clivers Rights in, over, and upon, the said Lands and Premisses respectively, or some Part thereof; and that, by Realon of the intermixed State of the Property belonging to the respective Proprietors, the said Open

and Commonable Lands are not capable of being cul- gered; and that, if the said Bridge were taken down, tivated in the moll profitable Manner, and it would and re-built of a proper Width, or altered, enlarged, b? highly beneficial if the same were let out, divided, and sufficiently widened, with Stone, or if a proper Iron exchanged, laid together, and allotted to and amongst Bridge were erected, and if the Streets and Avenues the several Persons interested therein in specific Shares, leading to the said Bridge, and into Spurriergate, NeJ-in lieu of their respective Rights of Soil, Common gate, Skeldergate, and and Part of

Rights, and all other Rights, in, over, and upon the in the said City, were also widened, raised, and made same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given more commodious, it would be of great Public Uti-to bring in a Bill for effecting the above-mentioned lity, but the same cannot be effected and carried into Purposes. y Execution, unless proper Powers be obtained and given

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for purchasing, pulling down, appropriating; and dif-

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. Dickinson, Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Navigators of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Meand others, whole

posing of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, on the North West Side of the said Street, called Low Oufegate and Briggate, extending from Part of the said Street, called Low Oufegate, to the Church of Saint Michael Spurriergate, and from other Part of that Street to the Property of Mr. William Davies. now used as a Coal Yard, and from the said Street

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the called Briggate, to the Lane next adjoining upon Mr. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of John Dodsworth's Warehouse, and also the Public Hall, Barmouth hath been a Place of very considerable and and certain Houses, Buildings, and Ground, belonging increasing Resort for Ships and Vessels employed in the to the Petitioners, upon and near the said Bridge, and Carriage and Conveyance of Merchandize to and from likewise certain small Parts of the Church Yards of the fame, and Parts adjacent, but that the Obstruc- the said Parishes of and

tions, occasioned by Sand and Rubbish constimtly forced John Micklegate, and certain Houses and Buildings in into, and lodged in the said Harbour, have of late Years or near the Corner of Nefgate, Skeldergate, and Mick/e-rendered the same very unsafe and incommodious, to gate aforesaid, or Part of those Houses and Buildings, the great Injury of the Public in general, and of the nor without imposing and collecting certain Tolls and Petitioners in particular, and, unless some timely and Duties, and raising certain Sums, by, or out of, or in proper Measures are taken to remove the present, and like Manner as the County Rates in the said City and prevent further Obstructions, the Benefit arising from County of the same are raised and collected, or by the Use of the said Harbour mull inevitably be soon loft; and that, by the Survey and Report of an able and experienced Engineer, the Petitioners are induced to believe that the said Harbour is still capable of being tendered late and commodious, by the Erection of proper Piers or Barriers, anti other Works of Defence, find "also a Reservoir to remove a Sand Bank formed within the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That 'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effeifling the purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Rellric-tions as to the House shall seem meet.

0> tiered. That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of a Comrrtittee: And that they do exa-VOL

5-‘

some other Means, for defraying the Charges and Expences incident to, and attending the re-building or altering the said Bridge, widening the Avenues thereto, and ihaking the intended Improvements; and that the Petitioners are at present entitled to certain Tolls or Duties on certain Carriages passing over the said Bridge, and are delirous and willing that the Payment thereof should be discontinued, when, and so long as, any other Toll shall betaken which may be imposed for defraying the aforesaid Charges and Expences, anti are also willing further voluntarily to contribute towards the fame, by obliging themselves to pay the Sum of 400 Annually, for a limited Time, in order to accomplish what

4 F evidently

Ouse Bridge and York Streets Peti-

chael Spurriergate, in the said City, and also the Streets or Avenues bn the West or South West Side of the same Bridge, and leading thereto, from and out of Micklegate, Skeldergate, and Northfreet, respectively, into and along briggate, all. in the Parish of Saint John Micklegate, in the said City, are very narrow and incommodious; and that, by reason of the Premises, and the frequent Obstru«flions occasioned by the increased Number of Carriages passing over the said Bridge, and otherwise, much Delay is occasioned, many Accidents have happened, and the Persons and Property of Travellers and others are frequently injured and endan-

ii- j

Chichester Koadi Bill, pallet!.

Whittlesey Drainage Petition, reported.

294 20° Februarii. . 1797.

evidently appears to the Petitioners to be a proper, necessary to the well draining and preferring the Lands useful, and necessary Improvement, for the Safety and within the said Three Districts, which said several Rates Advantage of the Public, and for the Benefit and Con- and Taxes have been from Time to Time collected, venience of the City of York: And therefore praying, applied, and disposed of, according to the Directions That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting of the said Acts, but by Iieafon of successive wet Sea-the Purposes aforesaid, or such other Purposes relating fons, Breaches of Banks, and the great Increase in the to the Premises, and by such Ways and Means, and Prices of all Kinds of Work and Materials, have been, with, and subject to, such Provisions and Regulations, and are, much deficient in repairing, supporting, and as to the House shall seem meet; maintaining the several Works of the said respective

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Districts, in consequence whereof the Commissioners Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- have been under the Necessity of inclining very con-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it siderable Debts to supply such Deficiencies, which shall appear to them, to the House: -cannot be repaid, nor can the said several Works for

And it is referred to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, preserving and draining the said Lands be any longer

Mr. Wilberferce, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor- supported and maintained, without the furthet Aid

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's and Authority of Parliament.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, OrThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and Records. amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Par- Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands liament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of Whit-of King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of tlefey, in the Isle of Ely, and County of , so the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and far as the same relate to the Lands lying in the Second, widening several Roads in the County of Sussex, so far Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the said Acts: And that Mr. Charles and General

Bridge, at the North End of Farnhurst Lane, through Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Midhurjfito the City of Chichester, and from Chichester

aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said County of Sussex, was A Petition of the Right honourable Heneage Earl Great thread the Third Time. of Ayl and the humble Petition of several other

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Persons, being Owners of Lands and Estates in the Drainage! -be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Parish of Great Wilbraham, in the County of , tition«

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of That there are, within the said Parish, certain old In-King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the closures. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Com-Heign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- monable. Lands, and Waste Grounds, Part of which ing several Roads in the County of Sussex, so far as the are liable to be overflowed with Water, and are, in said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, their present State, of very little Value to the Owners at the North End of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst, and Proprietors thereof, but, if the same were divided, to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid allotted, drained, and laid in Severalty, it would be to Delkey, all in the said County of Sussex. very advantageous to all Parties interested therein, and

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above

Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to to the House shall leem meet.

Whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names And the House being informed that the Works, are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, referred to in the said Petition, were not proposed to lying within the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth be carried on by Tolls or Duties;

Districts, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

of themselves, and other Proprietors of Lands, in the Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and

said Four Districts, or some or one of them, was re- bring in, the fame, ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Little Wilbn- Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- in the Parish of Wilbraham, in the County of petition,

tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Set-appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, cer-port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the tain old Inclosures, Common and Open Fields, Mea-Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as dows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, Part followeth; viz. of which are liable to be overflowed with Water, and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. are, in their present State, of very little Value to the John Bellars being examined, said, That the Lands Owners and Proprietors thereof, but, if the same were within the said Four Districts, containing Five thou- divided, allotted, drained, and laid in Severalty, it find Eight hundred Acres, and upwards, are of a very would be very advantageous to all Parties interested fertile Nature, but, from their low and flat Situation, therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore frequently liable to Inundation: praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

That the said Lands were, by an Act, made in the for the above Purposes, under such Regulations and Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet, charged with certain Rates and Taxes, to be collected And the House being informed that the Works,'

and applied as therein is directed, for the Purpose of referred to in the said Petition, were not proposed to draining and preserving the fame; and that the Lands be carried on by Tolls or Duties; lying within the said Third, Fourth, and Fifth Dif- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, triers, were, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of His present Majesty's Reign, charged with certain Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and additional Rates and Taxes, to maintain the Works bripg in, the fame.

m A Petition

7

nds

itcj

;>ns

'Q *

the

en>

nj

ive

J]

:or

or

if

:o

rf

it

s

0

37 Geo. III.

20° Febru

295

‘J'bv&c.

incite Petition. °

C-sitt

bnhab.

cfeaj

:«Ws

ista?

:ri:i

owing upon the Credit of the said Taxes; and that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said First District miglrt be further greatly improved, if additional Works of Drainage were made therein, but, the present Rates and Taxes being insufficient for the Pay-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Commissioners for executing the several Acts herein after mentioned, so far as respects the First District therein described, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners ment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed; and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and supporting the said Works of Drainage, such ad-in the Ille of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk,ditional Works cannot be made and supported without between' MildenhallRiver, South Plant Load, and Bran- the further Aid of Parliament; and that certain Fen don River North, bounded on the West by the River Lands and Low Grounds, containing about 2,000 Acres, Oise, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfwell Brooke, lying between the South Bank of River, Laken

and the hard Lands of Mildenhall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act

{jailed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his ate Majesty, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, "lying and being in the Township of Ely, in the Ille of Ely and Parish of Littleport, within the said Ille, and also in the several Parishes of Mildenhall and Lakeneath, in the County of Suffolk, and in the County of

Norfolk, situate between the Rivers of Mildenhall and Brandon, within the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, containing about 18,000 Acres, were divided into Two separate Districts, or Divisions, called The First District, and The Second District; and such of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, as should be contained in the said First and Second Districts, were therein particularly mentioned and described, and Certain Commissioners were appointed for the said First and Second Districts respectively; and that the Commissioners for the First District were empowered to assess and charge the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within laid First District, during the first Seven Years,

heath Load, and the Bank called The Cross Bank, are so situated as to derive very considerable Benefit and Advantage from the said South Bank of Brandon River; and that so much of the said South Bank of Brandon River as lies against, and protedts, and preserves from Inundation, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, is made and supported at the Expence of the Proprietors of the Lands included in the said First District, and the Petitioners conceive it is reasonable, that the lhid Lands and Low Grounds, so circumstanced, should be rated and taxed towards the future Support and Maintenance of so much of the said South Bank of Brandon River as is lituate as aforesaid, and that it is necessary that proper Powers should be given to the Commissioners for the said First District for laying and collecting a Rate, or Tax, on such Lands; and that a certain Bank, called The North Bank of Mildenhall River, lituate within the Second District, mentioned and described in the said Acts, is of very essential Consequence to the well. Draining and Preservation of the Lands within the said First District, and it is therefore expedient, that Provision should be made for enabling the Com-

the

with the Yearly Sum of One Shilling, and, after the Expiration of the said Seven Years, with the Yearly missioners for the said First District to repair and sup-Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence for every Acre of port the said Bank, if it shall at any Time happen that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so long as any the necessary Repairs are not made in proper Time and Money, which should at any Time have been borrowed Manner by the Commissioners for the said Second Differ the Purposes of the said Act, and the Interest tridt; and that the Powers of the said recited Acts thereof, should remain unpaid; and, when there should require, in several Respects, to be amended, altered, be no such Debt remaining, it was by the said Act pro- explained, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That vided, tlkt it should be lawful for the Commissioners Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the of the said First District to assess and charge on the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such said Fen Lands and Low Grounds such Yearly Sums, Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, not exceeding One Shilling per Acre, as they should' Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the adjudge necessary for completing and maintaining the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-laid Works within the said First District, and to make mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Fuch Cuts, Drains, Dams, and Outlets, and erect such Works and Engines for draining and conveying the Waters from the said Fens and Low Grounds as they should think lit, and to assign over the said Rates and Taxes as a Security for any Money to be borrowed for tnaking and erecting such Works of Drainage, and they were empowered to borrow any Sum of Money Ivhich they should think necessary; and that by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, made in the Thirfy-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Commissioners for the said First District were empowered to charge the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said First District, during the Term of Ten Years, with a further Yearly Sum of One Shilling for every Acre of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, over and above the before-mentioned Acre Tax of One Shilling and Six Pence per Acre charged by the said former Act; and that the Commissioners, appointed by and under the said Acts for the said First District, have caused ' the 'Faxes to be duly raised and applied within the same, and have borrowed from Time to Time large Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, and have proceeded . to carry the Works of Drainage into Execution, from which the Proprietors of Lands within the said District have derived great Benefit, but, from the heavy Expence necessarily attending the Maintenance of the said Works of Drainage in the First District, the Commissioners are unable to pay off the Money now due and Yoz.. 52,

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Tor lee. General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Fish Curers, on Behalf Petition from of themselves and others, interested in the Pilchard Fishery, being cftereckto be presented to the House; Pilchard Fi- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's &cry-Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fisherv, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, an additional Bounty of 1 r. 6 d.per Calk was granted on all Pilchards exported, which Act will lliortly ex- . pire; and that, notwithstanding such additional Bounty, considerable Losses have been sustained in carrying on this Fishery, and, 4vithout an Extension of the Act, the Petitioners are apprehensive this valuable Branch of Commerce will considerably decrease: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such further Relief to the Petitioners as the House shall think meet.

Ordered,

296 20° Februarii. A. 1797.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gregory Sir William Lemon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock;, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Fisheries in others, being Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Cornwall. Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, rccoriimends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of i ie Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, it was Enacted, that, for every Calk, or Vessel of Pilchards exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, between the 24th Day of June 1791 and the 24th Day of June 1798, a certain additional Bounty should be paid to such Person and Persons as should be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings allowed by the therein recited Acts; and that the said Act hath proved a great Encouragement to the said Fishery, and particularly within the said County of Cornwall, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for a further Time, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

ci fureBiii 1" Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, cwunitted.' the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tithing of in the County of

Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JoJlma Smith, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Harbour" A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Petition: Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to

the House, arid read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of the said City has, of late Years, been considerably repaired, and the increasing Trade and Commerce of the Place still requires the same should be farther extended and improved, particularly by the making, erecting, and building of Wet and Dry Docks for the Accommodation and Careening of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, and of additional Quays, Piers, Jetties, and other Works necessarily conncdled with these intended Improvements; and that such Works would be of considerable Advantage both to the City of Aberdeen and the Public in general, but the same cannot be accomplished unless the Petitioners, and their Successors, on Behalf of the Community, are enabled to purchase and acquire Right to certain Grounds, Tenements, Houses, and other Hereditaments, adjacent to the present Harbour, and not farther distant therefrom than 300 Yards at High Water Mark which arc ne-

cessary for the Execution of the Works and Improvements proposed; and that the Petitioners are already vested in the full Right of 1 undry Quays, Piers, and other Works, within and upon both Sides of the Entry of the said Harbour particularly upon the South Side thereof, immediately adjacent to the small Village and Fish Town of Tonic, and to the Lands and Barony of Tome lying in the Parish of Nigg, and County of Kincardine, with full Power of holding Courts and administering Justice, according to the Laws of Scotland-, within all the Bounds and Parts of the said Harbour and Flood Mark thereof, upon both Sides of the fame; and that, for enabling the Petitioners farther to extend and improve the said Quays,

Piers, and other Works, upon the South Side of the Harbour, they have lately purchased and acquired Right to the Property of a considerable Part «of the said Village of Tonies and of several Pieces of Arable Ground in the immediate Vicinity thereof, together also with the Property of a small Trail, or Piece of Muir and Pasture Ground, extending from the said Town of Torrie Eastward along the said South Piers to the Mouth or Entry of the Harbour, and from theme Southward about an English Mile along the Sea Coall to the Soyth Side of a small Bay, called The Bay of Nigg, and not exceeding, in any one Part, the Difi-tance of $50 Yards from the Sea; and that it would tend greatly to the more effectual Execution of the proposed Improvements and Extension of the W'orks of the said Harbour, as well as to the better Preservation thereof when completed, if the Jurilcliition of the Petitioners were extended over the said Village and Fish Town of Torrie, and Pieces of Arable Ground adjacent thereto, and also over the aforesaid Trail or Piece of Mujr and Pasture Ground of the Extent and Description before specified, in the same Manner, and with the like Powers, as the Petitioners at present enjoy and exercise within the Whole of the Harbour of Aberdeen and Flood Mark thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the farther improving and repairing the Harbour of the said City of Aberde, and for extending the Petitioners Jurisdiction over the said Village of Torrie, and several Pieces of Ground above described, as well as for the other Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Allardyce, Mr. Fergufon,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Canning presented to the House, pursuant to Treaty with their Address yp His Majesty, itLdt' c

Copy of a Treaty between His Britannick Majesty fen d. and the Landgrave of HeJJe Darmjladtfigned at

fort, the 10th Day of June 1796; and Tranflation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note, These Papers were again presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, on the 9th of March \and the Transtation is there entered.

The House was rtioved, That the Order, made upon Motion for the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Confi- o a'J ior deration, Tomorrow the Petition of Peter Moore, Coni;dering Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, complaining of Tewkefowy an undue Election and Return for the Borough of on with Tewkesbury, in the County of GlouceJ'ter, might be read, drawn.

And

a

r

a;:j

tile

and

>of

>th

:ti-

ysf

'he

ed

he

u

Id

to

,:t

I-

d

;s

A

e

J

r

1

]V 7 r

Krftfc

37 Geo. III. .20° Fcbruarii. 297

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro posed, That the said Order be discharged; .

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Petition from A Petition of the thereunder-signed Electors of the tors of&iiith- an(-'icnt Town and Borough of Southwark, was pre wark respect- fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ¥ledUonllt Petitioners have been informed of the Report made to the House by the Committee appointed to try the Matter of the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, against the Return of the High Bailiff of the said Borough to the Precept last directed to him for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to which Precept the said High Bailiff had made his Return, that George Woodford

lufj'on, Esquire, was duly elected, and under which Return the said George Woodford Thelluffon had been allowed to take the Oaths and his Seat in the House as a Representative for the said Borough in Parliament: The Petitioners were greatly concerned in finding, that the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the said Petition, had determined that the said George Woodford Thelluffon was not eligible at the last Election, and that the said Committee had further resolved, that George Tierney, Esquire, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that, in consequence of such Report, the Clerk of the Crown had been required to erase the Name of the said George Woodford Thelluffon, and to insert that of the said George -Tierney in the Place thereof on the Records of the House, as a Representative for the said Borough , in Parliament, under the Authority of such Refolu-

tion: And that the Petitioners, always desirous of maintaining entire the high constitutional Respect Which they owe to the House, request they may be allowed to state the Hardships to which they feel themselves subjected upon this Occasion: When the Petitioners became informed of the Determination on the former Petition, which deprived Mr. of

his Seat, and declared that Election void, they forthwith endeavoured to obtain the best Information, whether, in consequence of such Decision, the said George Woodford Thelluffon was rendered ineligible for the next Election: For this Purpose, they examined with great Care and Attention the several Enactments of the Seventh of King William the Third (under which Act the said former Election had been declared void) the Judgment of the Petitioners as to the Extent of the Disabilities created by that Statute (which appeared to them to reach no further than to make void such Election), meaning, as the Petitioners understood, such Election as the said Act appears solely to bear relation to, namely, the Election in which Practices, by that Act made unlawful, had been proved against the Sitting Member, was not only fortified by great legal Authorities, but was also sanctioned by the last Determination made respecting that Statute by a Select Committee of the House; viz. the Second Norwich same in 178 7,which Determination, the Petitioners were informed, has ever been considered as conformable to Law j but the Petitioners were (as they conceive) fully warranted in the Conclusion, that the said George Woodford Thelluffon was competent and eligible to be elected and returned, because the High Bailiff, who is the presiding and returning Officer at such Elections for the said Borough, on the Morning of the said Election, at the Time of the Proclamation from the Front of the Court of Hustings; viz. on the 18th of November \aft, did publicly declare to the said Electors, that he, the High Bailiff, did consider the said George Woodford Thelluffon as eligible, and that he should (when called upon) offer his Name to them as a Candidate: That the Petitioners humbly submit to the Consideration of the House, that, under the Events of these Proceedings, a great Majority of the Electors of this ancient Borough now feel themselves deprived of their due Representation in the House, and perceive a Person, who never was intruded or deputed by any Majority of the Electors, now fitting in Parliament under the Character of their Representative: That the Petitioners have duly considered the Act of the Tenth of His present Majesty to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, and observing that, under the Directions of the said Act, the Decisions of such Select Committees shall be final as between the Parties, are laid under great Difficulty (somewhat doubting whether they, as Electors, are in the present same Parties within the Meaning of that Act) in asking from the House any Redress for what they conceive to be an Hardship and a Grievance: But, in Justice to themselves, to their Posterity, and, to all other Electors, they humbly hope and pray, That the House will be plealed to consider whether the Report of the Committee, under which the said George Tierney has obtained his Seat, may be, in any Manner, brought under the Consideration of the House; and if not, whether any Proceedings ought to be had for the better Security in future of the Rights of Election for Members to serve in Parliament, and to render more explicit, and free from Doubt, the Provisions of the Act of the Seventh of William the Third, under the common and ul'ual Underftanuing of which the Petitioners (together with a great Majority of the Electors of the said Borough) gave their Votes for the said George Woodford Thelluffon at the last Election, and now find themselves deprived of their Election Franchise, not only without having received any sufficient Notice to warn them against voting for the said George Woodford but, on the contrary, after having been informed, through their proper Organ (as they conceive) that the said George Woodford Thelluffon was lawfully competent to be a Candidate at such Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

m.Long presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the confluence " Honourable House of Commons, dated the 30th " December 1796, for an Account of the Sums (if any) ih<it prewhich have been issued in consequence of the Treaty (ented.

" between His Majesty and the Prince of Hesse DarmJladt, signed the xoth Day of June 1796."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Vo l52,

4G

RETURN

298

20° Febru

1797-

11.

,1

K E T U R N to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 30th December 1796; for

" An ACCOUNT of the Sums (if any) which have been issued, in consequence of the Treaty between " His Majesty and the Prince of HeJJe Darmjladl, signed the 10th Day of June 1796."

1796.

July 26th. For Levy Money of the Troops under the said Treaty ——

The under-mentioned Sums have also been paid to satisfy Bills drawn by Charles

and Robert Craufurd, Esquires:

1796.

July 24th. For the Subsistence of the said Troops, the Expences of their March, &c. -September 14th. For sundry Expences attending the March of the said Troops -

ORober27 th. For the Use of the said Troops at ——

It appears also, that a further Sum has been paid by Mr. Robert for the

Equipment of the Officers of the Hejfe Darmjladt Troops; the Particulars of which are not Hated.

c

15,000 ----- ‘

10,000 ——

1,500 ——

7,000 — —

33,500 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th February 1797.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fell ro amend Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to or Xrtd.LaWS amend the Laws respecting Vagrants: And that Mr.

HenuikerMajor and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sill to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the DuZTaa Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-ordered, ' jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk ships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the " Courts in England therein mentioned," might be tread.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lubbock, and Mr. Mainwaring, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hill to rrs;u- a A Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules and Indict-o/c«iicsmenfs> which arise within the Limits of certain Cities committed. and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, the Mailer of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

i-ift chnreh A Petition of the several Peri on s, whofq Names are 1 oor Petition. t);ercunto subscribed, Ycilrymen and Inhabitants of the Parish of ChristChurch, in the County of -

i d/eft.v, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late MajestyvK:ng George the Second, more eiieftually to enable the Parishioiiers of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Mid-dlcjex,to purchase, hire, or crest, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, Power was given to the Trustees therein nominated, and thereby to be appointed, to purchase any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to alter, repair, and furnish, any Buildings that should be standing on the fame, for the better receiving, employing, and maintaining, of the Poor of the said Parilii, or to crest, on any Lands so to be bought. One or more House or Houses, for the like Purpose, and to provide Furniture for the fame, or for l'uch Workhouse or Workhouses as might be hired under the Powers of the said Act; and that there not being, at the Time of pairing the said Act, any Ground to be purchased, or House or Building, within the said Parish, to be purchased or hired capable of being converted into a Workhouse, the said Trustees entered into an Agreement to rent, by Lealc, a House within the adjoining Hamlet of End New Tozvn, in the Parish of Saint Stepney, and they have made several additional Buildings thereto, and have continued to use the same as a W orkhouse, for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish of Christ Church; and that by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said first-mentioned Act, the Manner of making the Rates and AlTcirments for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, which had been theretofore discretional, was, by the said last mentioned Act, altered, and all such Rates were thereby directed to be made and assessed in future by a Pound Rate, in different Classes, as therein mentioned; and that, after the passing of the said last mentioned Act, the Poor of the said Parish so much increased, that the said Workhouse, with the additional Buildings made thereto as aforesaid, became quite insufficient to lodge, maintain, and employ them, and a considerable Debt, on Account of the said Workhouse and Poor, having been unavoidably

contrafted.

t

>7-

een

Bn Icdon

Bridge Petition *

37 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

299

contracted, Power was given by a subsequent A cl, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Fitch-passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Ma- field, in the same County, and the opening and making jesty's Reign, to raile a further Sum of Money, by of Public Roads therefrom, to communicate with the Sale of Annuities, for the Purpose of discharging the intended Bridge over the said River Itchin, or with said Debt, and defraying the Expence of repairing some Part of the intended Road from tire laid in-and enlarging the said Workhouse; and the Monies, tended Bridge to the said Road leading from the West to be in future rated for the Relief of the Poor of the End to Bot/ey aforesaid, and with the Road leading

said Parish, were, by the said last mentioned Act, directed to be alfelfed, levied, and collected, in Gaffes, according to a new proportionate Ratio therein particularly specified; and that Part of the Money, authorized to be raised by the said last mentioned Act, hath been raised accordingly, and applied for the Purposes thereof; and that the Lease of the said Workhouse and Buildings is nearly expired, and at the End of the Term the Petitioners will be unable

from Bot/ey to Fitchfield, in the said County South-

ampton, is become an Undertaking of great Public Necessity, and will, in a very elfential Manner, contribute not only to the Advantage, Convenience, and Accommodation, of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Southampton and its Neighbourhood, and the several other Places before-mentioned, and all Persons travelling, as well to and from those Places, as to and from various other Parts of the Counties of So-

to carry into Effed the said first-mentioned Act, with merfel, Hants, and but also to the Public

respect to the providing a Workhouse for the Mainte- in general, by opening a short, safe, and commodious nance and Employment of the said Poor, whereby the Communication between the several Counties and good Intentions of the said Act will be defeated, un- Places aforesaid, and by preventing and avoiding the

less Power shall be given for raising a sufficient Sum of Money to answer the Ends and Purposes thereof, with respect to such Workhouse and Poor; and that the above-mentioned Mode, of rating in Gaffes hath, by Experience, been found liable to Frauds and Eva-

Delays, Difficulties, and Lofl'es, which have been so frequently experienced from the Want of some other Passage over the said Burjledon River betides the said Ferry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over

lions, and prejudicial to the Parish, and the said Acts, Burjledon River, at or near the Ferry of in

in' that and many other Respects, require to be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Effed the Purposes of the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the said Workhouse and Poor, and for altering and amending the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that theydo examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the County of Southampton, and for making, maintaining, and repairing, the several Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Hemy Rose, Mr. Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is no direct Communication bet ween Southampton, Fitchfield,

Gosport,the Towns of Portjmand Portsea, Havant, Emjvccrth,the Chty of Chand various other Parts of the Counties of and Sussex, except by Ferries over Itchin and Burficdon Rivers; and that, from the Violence of the Winds and Sea, the Passage over the said Rivers, by the said Ferries, is often dangerous, and frequently totally prevented, by Rea Ion whereof any Communication between the said Places, by Means of the said Ferries, becomes impracticable and great Inconvenience, Difficulty, and Loss,. is thereby occasioned; that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act passed for building a Bridge over the said River Itchin, at or near Nor within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Towm of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from the West End to Bot/ey,in the County of Southampton, and wrhich

Ad is now carrying into Execution; and that, from the great Increase of, and full increasing, Population and Trade of the Town of Southampton and its Neighbourhood, and from the Vicinity thereof to, and extensive Intercourse between, the several Places before-mentioned, the building of a Bridge acrols Burficdon

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Parish is of considerable Extent, and very populous, and there is only one Church therein, which is Parochial, and one Chapel for celebrating Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established; and that the Town of Plymouth Dock,. Part of the said Parish, is near a Mile distant from the said Parish Church, and the Population of the said Parish has of late Years so much increased; that the said Church and Chapel are not sufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants attending Divine Worship; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, if another Chapel was built in some convenient Place within or near the said Town, for the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and if Provision was made for the Maintenance of a Minister or Curate to officiate at the said Chape]: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it' shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. E/ford, Mr. Palk, he.:

Plymouth Dock Clapel Petition.

ltiver, from the Land lying in the Parish of Burjledon, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine in the County of Southampton, at or near the Ferry of of the Clock, in the Speaker's.Chamber; and have Burficdon, in the said County, to the opposite Shore, Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

or. 52.

A Petition

Il.ii

'I

300

io° Febru

j. 1797.

Pontefract and Wakcrield Courts Baron Petition *

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, being Inhabitants within the Honor of and the

Manor of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Honor and Manor, there have been, for Time immemorial. Courts Baron held for the Purpose of recovering Debts under the Sum of Forty Shillings by Verdict of July; and that the Jurisdiction of the said Courts was, by an Act,

tinary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by I/is '.hjdij's Command) acquainted the House, 1'hat His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Plan /rated to

passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His the House, in a Petition presented on the 6th Day of present Majesty, extended to the Recovery of Debts February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to under Five Pounds, which has been found highly be- carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes prone fi rial to the Persons living within the Jurisdictions poked to be derived from the Establishment of a College-of the Courts of the said Honor and Manor; and that for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; and

that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horten, and other valuable Cattle, they have Ph afure in ftafing that Twenty-five Pupils have paill-d Examination al the said College, several of whom are left led in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are pradiling the Knovr-

the said Honor and Manor are so intermixed, that it very' frequently happens that the Cause of Ad ion arises within the one, when the Party lives within the other; under which Circumstances the Creditor cannot recover his Debt in either of the said Courts, and.

even after Judgment obtained, the Debtor eludes the ledge they have acquired to the great Advantage of the Execution by removing into the other Jurisdiction, m Public; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Peti-which same his Effcds cannot be seized under the Exe- tioners are enabled to flute, that, the Importance of the Cution; and that it would be much for the Benefit Institution having been taken into Consideration by of the Inhabitants within the said Honor and Manor, His Royal Highnds the Commander in Chief, the if a Power was given to the Court, within the Juris- Propriety of appointing Persons educated at the Col-didion of which the Debtor lives, to take Cogni- lege to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments

of Cavalry, has been determined on in consequence of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred; and, in co'nfequence of such Decision, Five Pupils, whole Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Twenty-eight other Pupils are now pudding their Studies at the College, several of them intending to fill

zance of such Suit, notwithstanding the Cause of Action accrued within the other, and if the said Courts had a Power of issuing Executions into the Jurisdictions of the other, under proper Regulations, and that it would be it further Benefit if the Power of the said Courts Baron was extended to the Recovery of all Debts under the Sum of Ten Pounds:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to similar Situations as loon as they shall be deemed duly

bring in a Bill for the better Regulations of the said qualified, each of them being subject to the same n-Courts Baron of the Honor of Pontefiracl and Manor gorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and to

Pontcfnct Incfo/ure Petition.

be certified by them in the same Manner, as has been hitherto practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College; and the Petitioners further Rate, that, desirous of rendering, to the utmost of their Power, their Institution advantageous to the Public Service, the Colonels of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to the College, in order to his being taught the Structure, (Economy, and different Diseases, of the Horse's Foot, and insti ucled in a Mode of Shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation, and Sixteen Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for Instruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge: That the College continues under the Direction of the Professor, Mr. Coleman, a Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and who, by Thip and in the Parish of Pontefratt, in the West Rid- several useful and important Discoveries in the Science,

of Wakefield with such Powers, and under and subject to such Rules, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Grounds, within the Town-

ing of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields which lie dispersed, and various Grounds which are intermixed with each other, and the same might be greatly improved if they were divided, inclosed, and laid together; and if a Compensation was made to the Vicar of the Parish of Pontefrafl> in lieu of the Vicarial Tithes of the same Parish, it would be advantageous: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully jufliucd the Expectations formed of its Improvement, from his Exertions; and that the Petitioners have aln ady Rated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly from the edmbarrassed State of their Finances; the Money lo liberally granted by Parliament in the Two last Years, though it has, in a considerable Degree, alleviated their Difficulties, has yet proved inadequate to remove them intirely, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, with the

bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and laying to- utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure gether, the Open Fields and intermixed Lands in the much within the Estimate of the Committee of the said Township, and for making a Compensation for Ilonfe, to whom their former Petition was referred, and

V-t ennary College Pent j on.

the Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish, and with such Clauses and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ' Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lafce/IeSy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to 'an Institution called The Fete-4

within those Limits to which, they are ft ill of Opinion, it would be proper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Eft-ihliffiment; and the Petitioners have again, with Regret, to Rate, that (under the heavy Preiiure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to Perfection an Establishment which, from the Advantages likely to accrue from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of Public Property, as the Horfos of the Army,

is

ftk. V. t

37 Geo. III.

20° Febru

301

Petition from the Corporation of London for Wet Docks, &c. reported.

is become more than ever an Obje<fl of National Importance: And therefore praying, That such Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table *

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, the Parish of Bolton , in the County of the City of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Port of London: And that Mr. Aider-

man Anderson, Mr. Alderman C, Mr. Alderman

Lnjhington, and Mr. Alderman Com, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House; ac- RunquhVs cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter ?r~'

Rttnquif: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reformed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir William Mordaunt , Baronet, Bolton Pe-cy

Lord of the Manors of Bolton Percy, and of in Inclciu,t 14 *

titiun.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Lud/am, a Merchant of London, being examined, said, That from the great Increase of the Number and Size of Ships and other VeRels, trading to the Port of London, the River Thames is in general lo much crowded with Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Navigation of a great Part of the said River is rendered tedious and dangerous; and there is great Want of Room in the said Port for the safe and convenient Mooring of VeRels, and constant Access to them; that great Inconveniences are also experienced in the said Port, from the Want of Regulations concerning the navigating and removing of V<. licJs in and near the

York, and Proprietor of several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments there, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being severally Freeholders, Proprietors of Hereditaments in the Town-ships of Bolton Percy and Appleton, in the said Parish of Bolton Percy, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Bolton Percy, divers Open Common Fields, lituate in the said Manors of Bolton Percy and Appleton, or one of them, containing, by ERimation, i ,000 Acres nd upwards, and several Open Meadow and PaRure Grounds, called Ings, containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts, which Common Fields and Ings are, in their present open State, incapable of material Improvement; and that, if the lame, and the other Open Lands and WaRes in the said Parish of Bolton Percy,

fame, and the Want of a proper Arrangement in their and within the Townships of Bolton and Appleton, several Moorings, with respect to their Dimensions, the Nature of their Cargoes, and their relative Intercourse with the Custom House, and that Want of Accommodation for the landing and shipping of Goods has been experienced, on Account of the confined State of the Legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port; that the Avenues leading to and from the said Quavs are incommodious, and too narrow for the great Concourse of Carts and other Carriages usually passing and repairing the rein, and great ObRructions are thereby occasioned to the Cartage and Removal of Goods, by reason whereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, landed on the Legal Quays, frequently remain there a considerable Time, encumbering and obstructing the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

were divided into Ipecific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields and Ings, and other Open and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York, and within the Manors of Bolton Percy and , in the fame

Parish, in such Manner and Form, and under such ReRrictions, and with such Powers, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Quays, and exposed to Pilfering and Fraud; that great Disadvantages arise to the Trade of the said Port, from the circuitous Course of the Thames round the Ifeof Dogs, which would be obviated if a Passage could be effected without such circuitous Course; that great Delays, Accidents, Losses, and extraordinary Expences, which are almoR continually lu Rained, might be prevented or remedied, if Powers were given to make good and Winkfey, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of

Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are s.iwieyand thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, t;on. and Tenements, within the several Townships of

and sufficient Wet Decks and Batons, with proper Cuts, Canals, Sluices, and Outlets, in convenient Situations, within or near the said Port, with a limited Extension of Legal Quays, arid Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels; and to widen and render more commodious the said present Legal Quays and the Avenues thereto, and to purchase the Mooring Chains from London Bridge to the King's Moorings at Deptford, and to appoint Harbour Mailers to regulate the navigating and mooring of Ships in and near the said Port; that the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Passage, fuffxcient for Sea Vessels, across the If e of Dogs, between Blackzvall and LimehouseHole, so as to avoid the circuitous Course aforesaid, would be attended with great Accommodation and Encouragement to Commerce, and Security and Increase to the Revenue, and be of Public Utility: Then,

York, was presented to the House, and read; Set tin forth, That, within the said Township of Sazv/ey, there are certain large and extensive Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, commonly called and SazaleyLoza Moor, containing, by Eltimation,

1,500 Acres; and that, within the Township of Wittk-fley, there is a certain large and extensive Moor or Common, and Waifc Grounds, called Winkjlcy containing, by ERimation, 200 Acres; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Waile Grounds, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can they be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons intereRed therein, according to their Rights in and throughout the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, said, That several Townships of and Winkfey aforesaid, in

the Corporation of London are Conservators of the Ri- such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and Ver Thames, and are willing and desirous to take upon under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, themselves the Management and Superintendence of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the several intended Improvements above-mentioned. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

ol. 52.

4 H

Mr.

20° Februarii.

30:

A 1797.

Undford and Wake fir Id Kuad Petition.

of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Ex- for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Ship-

Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

bridge, to Borough bridge, in the County of York: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie of Northampton reported from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the teveral Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the

So hiDuiTWd

In do lure Petition.

ecution the several Acts of Parliament passed for making, repairing, amending, and enlarging, so much of the Road herein after mentioned, leading between Keighley and Wakefield, as lies between Bradford and Wake-

field, in the West Riding of the County of York,was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term, and altering and en larging the Powers, of so much of the Act, made

in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town to the Roads from Keighley to Wakefield, and from Keig/i- ok Northampton, and for removing and preventing E11-ley to Halifax, and from Dudley Hill, through Beck- croachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, withfhaw to Killinghall, and from Beckivithfhawto the and of the several Inhabitants of the said Town, whose

South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Names are also thereunto lublcribed, was referred; That Riding of the County of York; and that the Trustees, the Committee had examined, and found that the appointed in and by the said Acts, have made great Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed had been complied with; and that the Committee had several very considerable Sums on the Credit of the examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had

directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Markham being examined, said, That by the said Act, the Commissioners were empowered to erect a Gate or Turnpike, and also a Toll House, upon, or near, the South Bridge, in the said Town of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ampton, or in Cotton End, in the Parish of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in such Manner as is by the said Act directed, and to Hull appear to them, to the House: take the Tolls, by the said Act granted, thereat, which

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Laf-Tolls were to continue in Force Twenty-one Years, edits, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, from the 24th Day ofstine 1778, and to the End of the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and then next Session of Parliament, and were to be applied have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. to the Purposes of the said Act, in the Manner therein

directed: That the Commissioners have proceeded in A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a con-thereunto subscribed, being feveraJly Freeholders, Pro- siderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls _ prietors of Hereditaments in the Township of South thereby granted, which has been duly applied accord-Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the County ing to the Directions of the said Act, great Part of of York, and having Right of Common upon the Com- which Money now remains due, and cannot be repaid, mons and Waste Grounds within the same Town fa ip, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the same Commons and Waste Grounds, was presented to

NorthruAptoA Paving Petition reported.

on

Tolls arising upon that Part of the said Road which lies between Bradford and Wakefield, and that the said Part of the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums repaid, unle.'s the Term granted by the said Act be continued and extended, and the Powers of the said several Acts altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the aforesaid Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

nor the Purposes of the said Act continue to be carried into Execution, unless the Term thereby granted be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for removing and " preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing the Term of certain 'lolls by the said Act granted: And that Mr. Bouverie of Northampton and Air. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, divers Open Common Fields and Ings, containing, by Estimation, 160 Acres, or thereabouts, and several Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which arc, in their present open uninclosed Srate, incapable of material Improvement, and such Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value, and if the same were divided into speciric Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Petition for for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, of the Allotments of the Lands let out by virtue of an j'-yf mouth. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of Moorindo-South Dufiield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough,in the the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting.

County of York, in such Manner and Form, and under and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of such ftestrictions, and with such Powers, as to the Waste Land, called Tynemouth Shire Moor, Billy

House shall lectn meet. ' Moor, or within the Manor of Tynemouth,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, otherwise Tynemouth Shire, otherwise Tynemouth pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Tynemouth Shire, in the County of Northumberland, was Air. Wilberforce and Air. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, bring in, the lame. in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby

appointed divided and allotted the said Tract of Waste Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Land, and have set out several Roads through or over

a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers the fame, but they were not, by the said Act, authorized

fuie Act.

{ I'M,) I f 11I Jl - x-v -I

r.itrc Rui.w ing to Order,

j palciUcd *

37 Geo. 111.

20° Februarii.

rized to ascertain or determine what Parts of the said Roads were to be amended and kept in Repair by the respective Townships wherein the said Moor or Watte Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said Lands were set out, and therefore Doubts and Disputes Rave arisen touching the fame, and the said Act is in other Relpeds defective: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining shall appear to them, to the House: and settling in what Manner, and by whom, the dif- Artel it is referred to Mr. Braggs, the Marquis of ferent Parts and Proportions of the said Roads are to IVcrccfer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow be amended and kept in Repair in future, and for Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's otherwise amending the said Act, in such Manner as Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

of the Debts by them contracted, and for making' the Amendments and Alterations aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Grenibim Canril Bill, pailccL

the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Bcuverie of Northampton, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the lame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the lame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Harwood in-Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township committed of Harwood, in the County Palatine of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Blackburns, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are NWdl iii-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of cloture Red-Lands, and interested in the Messuages, Cottages, Inclosures. Open Field Lands, Meadows, Failures Commonable Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Norwe/1,in the County of Nottingham, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands anti Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Padures.

Commonable Grounds, and Waste Lands, are greatly intermixed and dilperfed, and inconveniently situated, and thereby rendered incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and incloled, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several

Avyke Reg-, Mr. Tucker Stezvard presented to the House, accord-

inclosure Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Persons interested therein, it would be a great Benefit presented. ing> the Open and Common Fields, and other Com- to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore pray-monable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of ing. That Leave may be given to bring so a Bill for IVyke Regis, in the County of JDorset: And the same eftedling the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and was received; and read the First Time. under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Petition fora- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that mending Bris- thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners under an Air. and Mr. Parker Coke do prepare, and

wu.imrch passed in the Twenty-foventh Year of the Reign bring in, the fame,

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing

" the Parish of Saint fames, in the City and County of Mr. presented to the House, according to Libotton's

" Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Order, a Bill for naturalizing pr<v

" Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard,

" and Parsonage House, within the new Parish," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commissioners have settled the District Limits and Bounds of the said new Parish, which is now called by the Name of Saint Paul, and have caused (o be erected, allotted, and set out, within the same, a new Church and Church Y'ard, and Parsonage House, with proper Conveniences, and have also duly executed the other Powers and Authorities veiled in them by the said Act; and that, in performing the said several Works, the Whole of the Aloney authorized to be raised by the said Act hath been duly applied, and the said Commissioners have unavoidably contracted a Debl, which cannot be paid oft' without the further Aid of Parliament; and that feme of the Provisions of the said Act reipeding certain Rates, Levies, and Taxes, and the giving in and verifying, on Oath, the Accounts of the Treasurer and Receivers, or Collectors, and other Officers, appointed under the said Act, and concerning several other Alatters therein contained, are found to be very inconvenient and improper, and to require Amendment and Alteration: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for the Discharge Rights, and Interests: VOL.52

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry Pattefon, Clerk, Bamingham Lord of the Manors or reputed Manors of Sen Cleers, otherwise Saint Cleers, Netherhall, otherwise Netherhill, in e Bamingham, in the County of Suffolk, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages

Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the said Pari Hi of Bamingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, which are subject to Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and that the same are inconveniently situated, and it would be advantageous if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands,

Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, according to their relpcdtive Estates,

And therefore praying, That

Leave

304 20° — 21°

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sotterley, Sir Charles Banbury presented to the House, accord-

Hcnstead.&c. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the printed. ‘ ' Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of with

street, and Wrentham, in the County of Suffolk: And ' the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t/s«<ba!l, See. Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord-

relentedBl11, ln§ to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of , and South

Cove, in the County of Suffolk And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LincoinRoadi A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ention. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Aifls, paded in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike

Road at the Foot of B Bridge, over the said

Bridge Weltward, to the Extremity of the County of

Lincoln, near a Place called and from the

Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Canwick Hill Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of

the said Hill, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Truflecs appointed in or by virtue of the said A<fls have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have made great Progress in the Improvement of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Aifls granted, which Money Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, unless the Term of the said A<fls be continued; and that the said Acts have been found in several RespeAs defective, and it is necessary that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be varied, altered,' amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and for varying, altering, amending, and enlarging; the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Simon Torke, Mr. Vyner &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rnunds in- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tiouUre Petl" thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Rounds, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein; And therefore praying,

4

Februarii. A. 1797 *

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mutiny Bill, the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing f tr,t ' Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply, defer-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Meant, defer, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 die;

Anno 370 Georgii III'" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Con fid era- Canterbury tion the Petition of John Callaway, Charles Del- Ek' '°;' mar, Thomas Marsh, John Minter, Stephen arointed.

John Marrable, Robert PI ayes Leggett, John George Culmur, Edward Goldfinch, Henry George

Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Ton;ling, Thomas Benfiord, William Bounds, Charles Pitmen James

Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas White, Thomas RickarJfon, James Elwyn , George Barber, John PenfoRichard

Thomas Rouse, John Cheavele, Robert Feu, John Hal bet,

James Homasham, Edward Homersham, Richard Dixon,

James Pratt, Richard llambrook, Edward William Hatcher, William Thornton, William James Robertson, Henry Kemp, John Thomas

Salmon, Jefie While, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to lerve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury and County of the same City, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Sclent Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Hundred and Twenty-nine Members being present;

The Counfefand-Agents were cail.d in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glalfes, and drawn andread in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable St. Andrew St.

John

:hir

and

: of v h-ii

& i i

be

‘"-V

Led

ins

O'.V

1- Crtrrr L: -Grit

'> i:

t

M

j *

ui

jt

rs

J

,e

a


r

TeWkelbury

Election Petition considered.

37 Geo. III.

2i° Febru

305

John being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Reginald Pole , Esquire,

beingfdrawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Charles Alexander , Esquire,

was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Select Committee; and the Names of Forty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set abide; Nine on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, before sworn; Three against whole Elections Petitions were depending; and Thirty-two on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the Lilts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, and Reginald Pole , Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Richard Carr Glynn, John Esquire,

Henry Jodrell, Esquire, Edward Esquire, George Vansittart, Esquire, Rujhworth, Esquire, Thomas Jones, Esquire, Richard IVi/fon, Esquire, Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, the Lord the Lord

Huntingfield, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, the Earl of Tyrconnel, the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of John Callaway, Charles DelmaThomas Marsh, John Minter, Stephen Coachman, John Robert Hayes

Leggett, John- Southee, George Cn/mur, Edward Goldfinch,

Henry Kirkby, George Ki 'kby, George Junior, Daniel

Tomling, Thomas Benfiord, William Rounds, Charles Pitman Roufc, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudfion, Thomas White, Thomas Richardfion, James Elwyn, George Barber, John Penfield, Richard Elwyn, Thomas Roufie,' John Cheavele, Robert Feu, John Halbet, J.anesHomersham, Edward Homer-sham, Richard Dixon, James Pratt, Richard Hambrook, Edward Hambrook, William Hatcher, William Thornton, William Mathers, James Robertson Henry Kemp, John Pringuer, Thomas Salmon, JefieWhite, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themfplves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, were iwrorn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and lieturn for the Borough of Tewkesbury,in the County of Gloucester, being come;

V01. 52.

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Hundred and One Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents wrere called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, w'as read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glalfes, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Sixteen Members; then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Twenty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who w'ere not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age; or upwards, before sworn; Four.against whose Elections Petitions were depending; Seven as then serving on Select Committees; and Twenty-three on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Charles Bragge, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lifts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom charter House the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Elhte Bill' enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, ,am

founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a Messuage. Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fu/fiow Marsh, Chappel, and Tetney,

in- the County of Lincoln, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Hospital, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open punton Tn-and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other c'‘°|uje Bll!> Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of p4 e Dunton, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing 'and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bedford.

4 I. Ordered,

r

306 2i° Februarii. A. 1797 *

Ordered \That Mr. Pitt do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons (Inhabitants of the agaJnftf - Parish of Saint Pancras) whose Names are thereunto eras Paving subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Bill' Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, light-

ing, watching, and otherwise improving, all such Streets, and other public Passages, as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spinster, situate in the Parish of

Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law as it now Hands, it will materially asse<ft the Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against certain Parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Dover, Deal, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Koicis'Peti'C iereunt0 subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Towns tion. of Dover, Deal, and Sandwich, in the County of Kent,

and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Dover to Deal, and from thence to in the County of Kent,through the several Parishes of Saint James

the Apojlle, in Dover aforesaid, Gujion West Cliff, Saint Margarett's at Cliff, the Extraparochial Place called Ox/tey, and the Parishes of Ringwould, Ripple, IValmer, Deal, Sholden, Northborne, Worth, otherwise Word, and of Saint Clement and Saint Peter the Apojlle, in Sandwich aforesaid, being a very public and much frequented Road, is in many Parts thereof circuitous, narrow, much out of Repair, and incommodious, and, by realon of many ludden Turnings therein, and of the great Number of Carriages and Pallengers daily passing and re-passing thereon, is become, in many Parts, exceedingly ruinous and unsafe, notwithstancling the Inhabitants of ithe said several Parishes have Yearly and regularly performed their Statute Duty on the said Road; and that a great Part of the present Road might be very considerably widened, altered, and improved, so as to make it safe and commodious to Carriages and Pallengers, and a very commodious and good Road might be made through Part of a Field called Foulmead Field, lying in the Parish of Sholden, on the Road between Deal and Sandwich, and from thence through Hack/inge Brocks and Word Field, to join a Lane leading into the present Road to Sandwich, near or opposite to a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise aforesaid, and thereby several sudden Turnings, and several low and narrow Places, would be avoided, and the Distance of the main Road from Deal to Sandwich considerably Ihortened, which several Amendments and Alterations would be of great Public Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of Dover, Deal, Sandwich, and the adjacent Country; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under fugli Regulations and Re-strictions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knahhbull, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the puriton In-Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in the County of Somerfe avas read a Second .1 111 c ‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Common Councilmeii, Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Here- Baiiifts, &c. ditaments, within the Town of in the County against"R

of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- ipJwich Paving Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more lllg B, I1‘ effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Ye&r of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich,in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That there are certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will materially affect and prejudice the Interests of the Petitioners, and will tend to excite and promote Disputes and Litigations, as well respecting the Rates collected within the said Town for the Relief of the Poor, as otherwise, and to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of the said Town, and particularly the Clause which provides that the Assessments, mentioned in the said Bill, shall be according to the improved and real Value of the Hereditaments alfelfed, and not, as by the present existing Law, according to the Sum to which such Hereditaments are assessed to the Poor Rates, and also the Clause which is to empower the Commissioners, in the said Bill named, to employ AffelTors, to enable them to make such Rate or Assessment, and giving to such Assessors certain arbitrary and unprecedented Powers: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-lelves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may alter the present Mode of Assessment, and that the same may not pass into a Law us it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at thq same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

' A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or commitwd. Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lcifcelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Proprietors, and Inhabitants, of Pontefract and YavJhelJ, in the West Rid- &c. ing of the County of York, whose Names are there- Peutio . unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Towns would be greatly improved, and rendered more commodious, if proper

Powers

21° Februarii

'97'

as it

'U % jrrow ham-> and

ft 1 Of 'jsd

FJ»

to

the

) T ;»i

re-

crips-

[r«r

k- bvciRu

re

37 Geo. lit a i ° Februariu 307

Powers Were obtained for paving, lighting, and cleans- Estates within the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the I loufc, and read:

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons

ing the fame, for removing Annoyances therein, and for supplying the same more plentifully and conveniently with Water; and that, by an Act, lately passed,

for dividing the Park of PontefraSl, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a certain Portion or Allotment of the said Park was fevered from the Reliclue thereof, and set apart for the Use of

the Inhabitants of Pontefratl and Tianjhelf,in the Manner, and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions, interested therein, according to their respective Rights in the same Act contained, which Ad it will be ne- and Interests, the same might be considerably im-cefTary to alter and amend, in order to aid and faci proved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Iitate the Plan of Improvements above-mentioned, and given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the to render the same Portion or Allotments more useful laid Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That Leave the House shall think proper.

may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pur- , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill *

poses above-mentioned, with such Clauses and Regu- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

lations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. John Smyth, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bragge and the Marquis of do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Wark Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, divers Regulations were made for the Preservation of Salmon, and other Fid), in the several Rivers within the said Counties, which was A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of amended by another Act, passed in the First Year of Tankerville, and the humble Petition of the several " cv j a.

Petition of ft-oprietors of Fisheries in Southampton and Wilts.

e

other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, having a Right of Common upon, or otherwise interested in, the Common Moor or Trail of Waste Ground, within the Barony or Manor of in the Parish of Car ha m,in the County of Northumberland, called Wark Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Common Moor, or Tr..ct of Waste Ground, situate within, and Parcel of, the said Barony or Manor, of

which the said Charles Earl of Tankervilleis Lord,

which said Common Moor, or Trail of Waste Ground, is commonly called or known by the Name of Wark Common, and contains, by Estimation, 1,350 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the same is, in its present State, shall appear to them, to the House:

the Reign of King George the First; and that the Time limited by the said last-recited Ail, for taking Salmon and other Fish in the said Rivers, has been found very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to other Proprietors of Fisheries in the said Counties, and the Petitioners conceive that further Powers are necessary for the better Proteilion and Preservation of the said Fisheries: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time of fishing in the said Rivers, and further amending the said Acts, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

of little Value, buc is capable of Cultivation and Improvement by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sloane, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being

Horton Inclo-iiirt Petition.

jtfOOd _

olurrSi

Ashelworth

Indolure

Petition.

Mr. Grey and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester.several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respeiflive Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bragge and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Vol. 52.

said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and Charles Esquire,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable George Walpole, the Honourable Henry Lafeelles, Francis Dickins, Esquire, Scrope Bernard, Esquire, the Lord Hawkesbury, Sir John Aubrey, Baronet, Edmund Bastard, Esquire, Sir Martin Browne Fo/kes, Baronet, Sir George Douglas, Baronet, John Baring, Esquire, Sir Francis Baring, Baronet, Thomas Skip Dyot Bucknall, Esquire, William Junior, Ef-

quire, Reginald Pole Car civ, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing tire Trials of controverted Elections *

The

Tewkesbury

fle&ion

Committee

appointed.

Lind T ix Comini iHoil ers Bill, deferred.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Wienlioltand

Runquill

sworn.

Bishopftone

Inclosure

Petition.

Edinburgh Two Pennie Scots Petition.

308 210 — 22 ° 1797.

The other Orders of the Day being read; of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Ma-

Resolved', That this House will, upon Tomorrow jesty, insomuch, that in several Years the Gross Pro-Sevennight, the ift Day of March next, resolve itself duce was not sufficient for Payment of the Interest of into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill the Debt, far less for the Payment of the Annual Bur-for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execu- thens, and altliough the Revenue for home Years pall tion an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, has considerably increased, yet it is no Ways sufficient " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a for Payment of the Debt contracted upon the Credit " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- of the said Duties, without a further Continuation of " vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and the Term already granted for collecting the same: And " Ninety-seven." therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of in a Bill for continuing the Duty, payable to the Com-the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mu- munity by the aforesaid Act, for such a further Term tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the of Y'ears after the Expiration of the lafi-recited Act, Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received and under such Regulations, as the House shall think Tomorrow Morning. proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Morning, Ten of the Clock. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Se-

cretary Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker's

Mercurii 22° die Februarii Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person:, Papers,

* and Records.

Anno 37 Georgii III1" Regis, 1797. Prayers.

ZJENRT Wienholtand Peter Andrew took

the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Parish of Bishop-stone, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Jo-

Jhua Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1693, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots w-as granted to the Community of the City of Edinburgh, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the lame, and ' their Successors, for the Uses therein specified, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, either brewctl, brought in, tapped, and fold, within the said Town and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, which Duties were, by several Acts, made in the Third and Ninth Years of the Reign of King George the First, continued, and extended to the several Brewers within the Parishes of St. the Cannongate, and South and North Leith, and by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, were continued for the further Term of Thirty-eight Years;, and that the Revenue granted, by the said Acts, has been faithfully applied to the Purposes thereby directed, yet the same has greatly decrealed lince the Commencement §

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Trustees appointed under the Acts passed for making and repaiiing certain Roads in the County' of Perth and particularly under an A-ft, passed in the Tweniy-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, fur repairing certain Roads in the County and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the said Reign, and under an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the said Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Y'car of the said Reign, and for certain other Purposes therein "narrated, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Perth to Crieff, on the North Side of the Pozc, and Powers w'ere granted for erecting Toll Gates, and for exacting certain Tolls on the said Road; and that considerable Progress has been made in making and repairing the said Road, and large Sums of Money have been expended in executing the fame, but it is found necesiary that the Powers of the said Act, in some Re-spefts, lfiould be enlarged and explained, particularly as to the Mode of levying and applying the 'lolls, and increasing the Rates thereof, for the Purposes of defraying the Expences of completing and keeping in Repair the said Road; and that the Road leading trom Crieff to Lochcarnhead by Comand the Road leading from Dumblane,or the Bridge of to Loch Lay

Side, by G/en/uhorn, Comrie, and all lying

within the said County, are in bad Repair, and in many Places so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pals without Difficulty and Danger, and it has been found, by Experience, that the Statute Labour is not iudi-cient for the Repair of the said Roads, and it would be highly beneficial to the Public, if Powers were granted for effectually making, repairing, and keeping the same in Repair, and for erecting thereon Turnpike Gates, and levying certain Tolls for fulfilling thcle Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Trustees, appointed by the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the present Reign, in respect of the Mode of levying the said Tolls or Duties, the Application of them, and the increasing the Rates thereof, in order the more effectually to complete and keep in proper Repair, the said Road from to

Crieff, as also for granting to certain Trustees, Powers for effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Crieff" to and the

P rth Po.tdl Petition.

79

n

!te X'a-

Mc «J Cur. fdf

JX'-aT.t

Credit MiyJl of iMttf,) bring " Cep.

To dAc-

I thi :.l

to t!;t o c.v;.

> as it

fr.S> (

37 Geo.

2 2° Februarii.

309

to IVindygates, and from the Bridge at Burn to Leven,through the Parish of the Road from Cupar to Largo, through the Parishes of Cupar, Ceres, and Largo, the Road from to St. through the Parishes of Crail, and St.

drezv's, the Road from Brach to New,

through the Parishes of Leuchars and Forgan, and the Road branching off from the present Turnpike Road from Cupar to Kinghorn, to the Eastward of the Village of Kettle, through the Parishes of Kettle and Kemoway,

:; 0 f-

v f

r cx-

Cl

9:iJ

,;:d

a:J

r.ir

u-

r.vs

;:(]

irly

and

o

in

:n

fife Roads, e. Petition.

fiid Road from Dumblane.,or the Bridge of Ardoch,to

Loch Fay Side, by Cowrie, and for erecting thereon Turnpike Gates, and exacting the reat certain Tolls or Duties for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Se- cretary Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's till it joins the Kennoway Road, to Falkland-, and that, Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, as the said Roads in the County of pass through and Records. the Towns of St. Andrezv's, Cupar, and Kirkcaldy, it

would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the A Petition of the Persons thereunto severally sub- Public, if the Streets and Lanes in the said Towns were feribing, Owners of Land in the County of Fife, was properly lighted in the Night Time, and if Power was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That given to the Magistrates of the same respectively to by an Act:, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of raise an adequate Sum from the Heritors, Household-His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road ers, and Inhabitants, for that Purpose; and that, by art from New-Mill Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeitking. Ad, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the

Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North in the

Crail, and other Roads in the County- of Fife, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and they were thereby authorized to levy certain Tolls and Duties, and to borrow a certain Sum of Money, County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effee-and other Powers were granted for the Purpose of tually making and repairing, and keeping in Repair, making and repairing the said Roads; and that the the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said ferry, certain Tolls and Duties were authorized to be Ad, and made considerable Progress in the making levied, along with other Funds therein mentioned, for and repairing the said Roads, and borrowed certain repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Landing Sums of Money, and applied the fame, together with Places at Queensferry; but the said Tolls and Duties, the Tolls and Duties, for the said Purposes; but it is and other Funds, being inadequate for the said Pur-found, by Experience, that the said Roads cannot be poses, it would be of great Advantage to the Public, completely made and kept in Repair, and the Money if the Trustees appointed by the said Act were autho-borrowed repaid, unless the Tolls are increased, and a rized to levy other and additional Rates, and borrow further Sum authorized to be borrowed on the Credit Money on the Credit thereof: And therefore praying, thereof, and the Term and Powers granted by the said That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarg-Act enlarged and altered; and that several other Roads ing the Term and Powers of the said Act, parted in in the said County, herein after mentioned, are in bad the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and Repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, and it would enabling the Trustees thereby appointed more effectu-be of great Advantage to the Public, if the Trustees ally to accomplish the Purposes of the said Act; and appointed by the said Act were authorized to make also for making and repairing the other Roads in the and repair these other Roads, and, for that Purpose, to County of Fife, hereinbefore mentioned or described; levy Tolls thereupon, and to borrow Money on the and for enabling the Magistrates of the Towns of St. Credit thereof; and that the Powers granted by the Andrew's, Cupar, and Kirkcaldy, to levy Money for said Act should be extended to the said other Roads, lighting the Streets of the said Towns, and to apply that is to say, the Road striking off, or branching from, the same for that Purpose; and also for enabling the the Turnpike Road from North Queensferry to Little Trustees, appointed by the said Act of the Thirty-sixth

Ccufon, and parting by Balmule and Kilrie to Kirkcaldy, the Road from the Toll Bar situated at the Windygates to Balfarg, through the Parishes of Kennoway and

Markinch, with a Branch to the Plaiferers, the Road from Level 1 to Balfarg, through the Parishes of Scoonie,

Kennoway, and Markinch, the Read from Windygates towards the County of Kiurofs, with a Branch to the present Turnpike Road by Ciunie to Kirkcaldy, the Road from Damhead, in the Parish of Arngojk, till it joins the present Turnpike Road which leads to Kirk-

of His present Majesty, to levy additional Tolls and Duties, to be applied in making and repairing the Landing Places at the Queensferry, and other Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Secretary Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

caldy by Ciunie, with a Branch from Damhead to Strath- Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

tniglo, the Road from the Dundee Ferries to Kinrofsj/iire, through the Parishes of Forgan, Balmcrino,

Creigh, Monimail, ColleJJie, Auchtermuchly, and Strath-tnig/o, with Branches from the Parish of Ba/merino, through F/iJk, to Neivburgh, and from Balmerino Parish to Kilmany Parish, to Cupar, from Creigh Parish, through Moonnie Parish, to Cupar, and, through the Parishes of Abdie and Denboig, to Newburgh, and a

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon inverkeithing

- Election Petition, deferred *

the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Confide- Eleitlon pctl'

ration. Tomorrow, the Petition of Sir John Henderson, of Fordel, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Class or District of Boroughs, con-

Branch from Monimail Parish to Cupar, another through sifting of Dunfermling, Culrofs, Queensferry,

ColicjfieParish, and Kettle Parish, to New Inn, the Road from Balmalcom to Falkland, the Road from Shielf-bridge to Auchtermuchty, and from thence to the County of Perth, the Road from Newburgh, by Kinloch, to Shielf-bridge, till it joins the Branch of the Turnpike Road

and Stirling, in that Part of Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-

from New Inn, the Road from Falkland to Kennoway, deration upon Fhurfday, the 16th Day of March next, the Road from the great Turnpike Road from Cupar at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VOL. 52. 4 K Memorandum:

3io

22° Februarii.

A.

1797'

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Bill for improving the Port of London, present-cd.

The Lords have agreed to

Litchfield Canons Residentiary, &c.

Bill, wirh art Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Miinthcrp thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, respectively, within the County of IVejimor- Road Petition. land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Mr. Alderman Andersonpresented to the House, ac- forth. That the Public High Road, leading from the cording to Order, a Bill for improving the Port of Town of in the said County, through the

London: And the same was received; and read the Parish of , to a Place called , in

First Time. the Parish of aforesaid, and from thence

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. through the same Parish, and the Parish of Burton in.

Kendal, to a Place called Cow , in the Parish of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Kirkby and from thence through the Parish

Ord: of Kirkby Lonsdale to the Town of Kirkby Lonsdale, all

Mr. Speaker, in the County of is, from the Narrowness

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An thereof, in many Places very inconvenient for the Paf-Act to explain and amend an Act,-passed in the Fourth sage of Carriages, and the said Road is otherwise in bad and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Repair, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore " of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill " Lichfield, and for improving the Dcanry and Pre- for making, repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and

The Lo «ls uve passed

BngelimniTs,

" bends of the said Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

otherwise improving, the said Road, and for keeping the same in good Repair, with such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, for effectuating those Purposes, as to the House shall.seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-sitoken's, and naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann, John Sijfken, and George mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

f V- % VT. i T /i 7 /> i i l X 1 1 a f /I i j! j 4! 1 T

Titter's Nat. Bill.

Petition for

continuing the Division of Knnworth Common Fields,

Lewis ChrifiianTatter; to which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Ranworlli, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there being, within the said Parish, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others,

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Michael LeFleming, Sir IVII-liam Lowther,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, Devizes Road,

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed p n'rt' to put in Execution Tw'o Acts, passed in the Twenty-Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

which were subject to various Rights of Sheepwalk, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Shackage, and Common, and the said Whole Year Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from PVeJl Lands, and Half Year or Shack Lands, being very in- to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to

conveniently situated for the several Owners and Occu- Seettd, in the County of Wilts, and allo of the Trustees piers thereof, and the said Common Field Lands lying appointed to put in Execution Five Acts, passed in the intermixed and difperied in small Parcels, and being Fifth Year of the Reign of Queenthe Eleventh Year of little Value, the Petitioners and the other Persons of the Reign of King George the First, the Eighteenth interested, conceiving it would be of great Advantage and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George to all the Parties, if such Rights of Shackage, Sheep- the Second, and the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign walk, and Common, were extinguished, and if all the of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways belaid Lands and Grounds, Commons and Wastes, were tween Rowde Ford and Sheppard's Shord, and from The divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof let out and Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the said County allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Per- of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had exa-fons interested, according to their several Estates, mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Rights, and Interests, agreed thereto, and by certain House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Articles, bearing Date the 4th Day of January 1797, with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat-the said Rights of Shackage, Sheepwalk, and Com- ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report mon, were agreed to be extinguished, and Commis- the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lioners were appointed for dividing and allotting the he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-said Lands and Grounds, Commons and Wastes, to the vered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was

read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. IVadham Locke being examined, said, That the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their several Estates, Rights, and Interests therein, and the Commissioners named in such Agreement have made their Award in the Premises, but

Wien holt's Nat. Bill, committed.

which Agreement and Award cannot be confirmed said Trustees have proceeded to put the said recited without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore pray- Acts into Execution, and have borrowed several coning, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the siderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the respec-Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restric- tive Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due, and tions as to the House shall leem meet. together with the Tolls have been expended in -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ing and supporting the said respective Roads; that all pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the said Roads lead to and through the said Town of Mr. Hobart and Sir John fVodehouse do prepare, and The Devizes, and the said Trustees conceive it would bring in, the fame. tend to the more caly and effectual Execution of the said Acts, and be attended with much less Expence,

A Bill for naturalizing Henry IVienholt, was read a if the several Powers and Authorities thereby granted Second Time. were consolidated, and put under the Management of

Refihed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John One Set of Trustees, and the Terms granted by the Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Two first-recited Acts enlarged, and extended to all Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the other Roads hereinbefore mentioned, and if the said Chamber. several Acts were repealed, and all the Powers and -

q

t OORLe

797-

11 cs a:c jfy

!nd I;, irdt

‘Afr. icttinu >in the gh the in thence % /;in rift of.

Pdrill,

‘lull

'"net's Paf. t b3J pt in vlore Bill

> and (

l'ing tfns, is to

the \a-is it

nr.

ow m-:;iJ

to feb

cd

jfcfjfi.

nt

3?

:o

rs

;C

ir

h

37 Geo.

22° Februarii.

Sit

visions necessary fur repairing, amending, and support- JuRices of Peace, of the Counties of Pertly

ing the said respective Roads,were comprized in One and through which the great Road after

Act of Parliament. mentioned passes, was presented to the House, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for read; Setting forth, That the great Road from Kinross, completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road in the Shire of Kinross, to Alloa, in the Shire of from IVfc Lavington, unto and through the Town of passing through the Parishes in the

The Devizes, to the House known by the Name of The Counties of Kinross, Perth, and Clackmanan, viz. Kin-fire en Alan, in Secnd, in the County of Wilts, and from ross, Tully-bole, and Clackmanan, till it falls

Rozude Ford, through The Devizes Market Place, to in upon the great Road to Alloa, in the said County join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road near Wanfdyke, of very much frequented, as well by and from the Eaift End of Devizes aforesaid, to the Travellers as by the Carriage of Goods to and from Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts: the Towns of Kinross, Clackmanan, Alloa, and

And that Mr. JofhuaSmith, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. and that in some Parts the said Road, in its present Penruddocke Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the Tract, is dangerous to Travellers, and in many Parts

Monmouthshire Ginai Company's Petition.

lame.

A Petition of the fevera 1 Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, in Behalf of themselves and others,

ruinous, and the repairing of the same will be of great Advantage to the Public, and tend to the Interest of Commerce; and that the ordinary Means, already provided- by Law for repairing the said Road, have proved ineffectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may

Proprietors of the fame, w as presented to the House, be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing

the said Road; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Allardyce,

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and others. Proprietors of the said Navigation, are by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontnewynydd, into the River Ujk, at or near the Town of Newport, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or

near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at and for making and maintaining Rail Ways or Stone Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and lloads from such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and Mines in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock,

erected into a Company, and incorporated by the Name A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Clackmanan of, " The Company of Proprietors of the Monmouth- carrying into Execution an A eft, made in the ThirtyshireCanal Navigation," and that the said Company, fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- tion.

in pursuance of the Powers by the said Act granted, tuled, An Act for making and repairing certain have expended large Sums in the making of the said " Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth,"

Canal, and in other Works appurtenant to the lame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, by the said Act authorized to be made and erected. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution and that the said Canal and Works are in great For- of the said Act, and have borrowed several consider-wardness, but that the Whole of the Monies which able Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby the said Company is, by the said Act, empowered to granted, which have been duly applied; but the Peti-raile, are very nearly exhaulted, insomuch that the said tioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually Canal, and other necessary Works, cannot be completed amended, and kept in Repair, unless further Powers unless the said Company be enabled to raise a further are granted for that Purpose, and the Term of the said \

Sum by Contribution of the Proprietors amongst them- Act enlarged; and that the Road from, or nearly from, selves, or by borrowing the fame, by Way of Mort- the Town of Kincardine, in the Parish of gage, on the Tolls; and that it may be of Public Uti- and County of Perth, Eastward, through, or near by lity, by affording more Space for commodious Wharfage, the Muir of Culrofs, in the County of Perth, through and other necessary Accommodation, if Power was given the Parishes of Tul/iallan and to the Road at

to the said Company to extend the Line of the Canal or near Newmill Bridge, is in a very bad State, dan-Southward across a certain Pill adjoining to the Town gerous for the Passage of Travellers, and cannot be re-of Nezvport, and in and through Lands situate in the paired byjhe ordinary Course of Law: And therefore

several Parishes of Newport and Saint Woollos, in the County of Monmouth, to a Distance not exceeding One Mile and an Half beyond the present Limits of the said Canal, which Extension cannot be carried into Effect without raising an additional Sum; and also that there are some Provisions contained in the said Act,

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to amend and repair the said Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

to the Benefit of the Undertaking: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring

which the Petitioners conceive may be explained and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amended therefore

in a Bill for enlarging the Powers given by the said Act, and for explaining and amending the same, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Sir Charles

Kinross and 'Clackmanan Road Petition.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fergufon, Mr. Allardyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Market Towns of Bolton in Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Moors, and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lan-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j caster, and Owners or Occupiers of Estates in that Neigh-and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- bourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Set-cords. ting forth, That the Road leading from near Edenfield,

in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, to, or near, thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Heritors, and the House of Miss EJlher Moss, in the Township of Vox., 52. Little

Edenfield md Holton Roads Petition.

v

312

22° Februarii. 1797.

Little Bolton., in the said County, and also the Road from the said Road between Totting!on Higher End and Little Bolton, in the Township of Lower

through a Part of the said Township of Tottington Lower End, and the Township of Elton, to, or near. Bury Bridge, in the said Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, in the same County, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, improv-. ing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be' referred to the Confuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

whnnW.c in- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

d.>iu;-e, &c. thereunder-written, on Behalf of themselves and other ui.ru. Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of IVhaplode, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Commons, Droves, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish, over which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Rights of Common, and to other Rights and Interests therein, and it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Persons interested if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of IVhaplode aforesaid, and for altering an Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, " preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and -

" lode. Ho/beach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and " Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South " Holland, in the County of ," subject to such

Orders and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vynerand Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B'lrinptmri, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &c. inclosure thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, P atun. Freeholders, having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wades, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the several Town ships of East But-

tenvick, and Ashby, in the Parish of Boitesford, other-

wife Botsford, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, together, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were effectually inclosed, divided, allotted, drained, embanked, improved, and warped, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests therein, and Satisfaction made for the Tithes thereof, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and also be of great Public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, improving, and warping the said several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for the several Tithes arising within the said Towm-ships, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Cambridge Hardivicke, and the humble Petition of the several other A-rn ng-Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners Hoad Peth and Occupiers of Estates, and Residents near the Road tion-leading from the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, into the old North Road at or near Arrington Bridge, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is in a very ruinous State, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles General

Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors, and Persons'interested in, the several Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, W'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Cambridge, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made to the several Parties interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it w'ould be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and of Public Utility; and that there are, within the said Parish of Harston, and the Parishes Newton, Hauxton, and Little She/ford, in the said County, or some or one of them, certain other Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, over which the Commoners of all the said Parishes exercise certain Rights of Common; and that the Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of Harston the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of , and the Reverend William Leeworthy, Vicar of the Vicarage of Harston aforesaid, are severally and respectively entitled to the Great and Small Tithes arising within the said Parish of Harston, and also from certain Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds Jail-mentioned, lying within the said Parishes of Harston, Newton, Hauxton, and Little Shelford, or some or one them; and it would be for the

Harfton, &c. Incloi'ure Petition.

'n

V«1 to

fain

jiii le-

5, Pat

doled

37 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

3 3

Na-Tout).

uiijfr

25 to

Oik

ax-

is it

b.v, &# and Chi)grave Tn elofure Bill, presented.

Ji

1 of fev;,! (!.cr

tu2 ?Vi ners lUife oad ta. n:y Thorn borough Inclosure Petition.

the Benefit of all Parties interested if the said Tithes were extinguished, and a proper Compensation for the same made to the several Parties entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

rish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor in the Parish of «SW;// Mary Magdalen, Ber-

meet:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, mondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for other the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Purposes therein mentioned, the Petitioners were ap- Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare/-and pointed Governors and Directors of the Poor of the bring in, the fame. said Parish, and, as such, they were empowered to re-

build the Workhouse of the said Parish, and to bor- Mr. S/. John presented to the House, according to row a Sum,.not exceeding/ 5,000,'for the Purposes Order, a Bill for dividing and inclo/ing the Open and thereinmentioned, and to grant Annuities for Lives

.i-[ to

..ad

'US

:!v

11VS

2V

ol-

id,

he

he

1-

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Ghalgrave, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, ,being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and

to the Persons so advancing the said Sum; and that the Petitioners have borrowed the Sum of/. 5 333, which they have expended in erecting a commodious Workhouse, and providing Furniture and Materials for the Use and Employment of the Poor, and that / 4,075 of the said Debt still remains due; and that the Petitioners have also made and adopted many good and wholesome Regulations, which they humbly conceive to be for the better Support, Employment, and Management, of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the gradually reducing the exce/five Amount of the Poors vRates, whereby the Poor of the said Parish have been maintained, employed, regulated, and relieved, in futh Manner as to afford genera] Satisfaction to the said Poor, and to the Inhabitants at whole Ex-

dispersed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their pre- pence they are so maintained, regulated, and relieved;

Hrsi

h.3

ute.

fctotce Mande ville Inclosure Petition.

sent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to (lie Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Praed, Mr. James Grenville, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon . the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof -allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to

and that the Petitioners, having duly considered the Bill, now depending in the House, for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, conceive there are clivers Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, which will materially affect their Rights, Interells, and Properties, and tend to increase the Poors Rates, without attaining the End proposed by the Bill; and that, should the same pass into a Law in its present Shape, the Petitioners will be rendered unable to discharge the Annuities by them granted; and the Regulations, by them made, under the Authority of the said Acts, will be defeated, or greatly impeded, all which Premises the Petitioners implore the House to take into their Consideration: And pray,-That the said Bill, in its present Form, may not be passed into a Law, or that it may be so altered as to leave and exempt the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, from the intended Operations thereof, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the several Clauses, Matters, and Things, which may affect their said Rights, Interests, and Properties, or that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the Inhabitants residing within the

them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, District of the Honor of Pontefrali, in the West Rid-

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Praed, Mr. James Grenville, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from Bermondsey >against the Poor Bill.

ing of the County of York, and within the Duchy of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the'Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bing ley, Guiseley, Caherly, Batley, Birjlall, Mirfield, Hartefield cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirk-burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordfhrp or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honor of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield,

Pontefract Courts Baror Petition.

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of them- and Manor of in the said County, Regula-

selves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said Pa- tions were made for extending the Jurisdiction of the Vox.. <J2. 4 L said

M4

2 2° Februarii.

A.

19T

said Courts Baron to the Recovery of Debts _ not exceeding £. 5.; and that the Petitioners, from the very , extensive and greatly incrcaiing Trade and Manufac-' tures carried on and managed within the said Honor,

are desirous that the Jurisdiction ‘of the said Court Baron should be extended to hold Plea in all Plaints, Suits, or Actions, for any Debt or Damage not exceeding the Sum of £. 10. being well l'atisfied that such Regulation would be highly salutary, and beneficial to the Trade, Manufactures, and general Business, of the Inhabitants residing within the said Honor, which is of great Extent,- being above Seventy Miles from East to West, and of various Breadths from Twenty to Forty Miles, comprizing the several Wapentakes of Shir tick, Agbrigg, Ear If on,

Ofgoldcross, and Stainrrofs, and which Wapentakes are very populous, and the Woollen and other Trades carried on therein are very extensive and ilouri filing, and, from the continual Increase thereof, the Petitioners find it inconvenient and expendve to be obliged to leek Relief in a superior Court for Debts and Da mages above £.5. and not exceeding £. 10.: And therefore praying. That the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the said Honor of Pontefract may be extended to enable the said Court Baron to hold Plea in all Plaints, Suits, or Actions, where the Debt or Damages shall net exceed the Sum of 10. and that the Petitioners may sue, implead, defend, and be defended accordingly, and that such further Regulations of the Rules and Practice of the said Court may be made as shall be thought expedient, and that a Bill, or Bills, may be brought in to effectuate those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Henry LaJ'eelles, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Member Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth be added to the Gen-

inJ&wleyand emen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a winkfley in- Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the elofure Bill, several Perl'ons, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the several Townships of and

Winkfley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York.

Fisheries, but that the said Acts require further Amendment and Alteration: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for altering, amending, and extending the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under i'uch Regulations, as to the House lha.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Ear don, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition.

Bill, predated,

I'weed

Fisheries

Petition.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sawleyand Winkfley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reflohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Fisheries in the River was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River and the

Rivers and Streams running into the lame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River; and an Act was passed, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more clfeftual the said Act; and that the Provisions and Regulations, made and established by the said Acts, have been found to a certain Degree useful and beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors of the said §

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Denbigh and into Execution an Act, made and passed in the Mol<l Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Fluid, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the- 'foils thereby authorized to be lected, which 'Money Hill remains due, and that the same cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Act be further continued, and Ibrne Alterations and Amendments made therein; and that a certain Road, branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road, near a Public House opposite ney Park, known by the Sign of The Blue Hand, and extending from thence to the Entrance into a certain Common, called Denbigh Green, and from the said Entrance into such Common, across Part thereof, till it joins the Turnpike Road at the North End the same Common, leading from the Town of Denbigh

aforesaid to the Town of Saint in the said

County of Flint, and also a certain Road branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road at Afon Wen aforesaid, and leading from thence to the Town of Flint, in the said County of Flint, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Parts thereof narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including the rein, as well the said Road leading from the Hand to the Turnpike Road at the North End of Denbigh Green aforesaid, as also the said Road leading from Afon Wen to the Town of Flint aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall ftcni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Richards,, Sir Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of

Toddington and Hamlet of Chalton,in the Panin of

Toddington, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into fma

Parcels,

Inclosure

Petition *

37 Geo.

22° Febru

3i5

Parcels, and lie intermixed with each other, and the lame, together with the other Commonable Lands and Grounds aforesaid, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerabie Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specitic Allotments thereof set out to the several Persons interested . therein, according to their rdpcclive Rights and Interests, the same might be confderably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Rcgu-lations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. St. John, Mr. Co/houn, and Mr. Osborn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Vessels, of and belonging to the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was also pre-lented to the House, and read; Containing the fame Allegations and Prayer as the Jail preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Quakers Relief Bill, deferred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish, or Free Chapelry, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Brampton, in the County of Derby, was- presented 1 1 11 Tr r to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said

Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Brampton cJol'ure Petition.

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, deferred.

to resolve itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Nonpayment of Tithes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if tile same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their relpcdlive Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid,-under such Regulations as shall be thought proper. Ordered, That Leave be given to liring in a Bill, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations; Lord George Align ft us Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundy

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- N do prepare, and bring in, the fame, vennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Shreu'fbury Election Petition, deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of John Hill, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and

might be

viz.

Petitions for regulating Liverpool Pilots.

Return for the Borough of Shrezcjbtiry, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Thmfday, the 20th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of the Master Pilots and Journeymen Pilots of and belonging to the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Regulations are made receding the Qualifications of Persons, previously to their being permitted to be Pilots, to conduct Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the said Port, and cifo the Fees or Wages to be taken by the said Pilots, with various other Regulations respecting such Pilots; and that feme of the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act stand in need of Explanation, and also further Regulations are necessary for the more com-, pletely erfeding the beneficial Design and Purpose of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore- officiate at the said Chapel.

Mr. Elford reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth . the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p kion, «-thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of parted. Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Bone being examined, said, That the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, and Diocese of Exeter, is of considerable Extent and very populous, and there is only One Church therein which is Parochial, and One Chapel for celebrating Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, of England, as by Law established; that the Town of Plymouth Dock, Part of the said Parish, is near a Mile distant from the said Parish Church, and the Population of the said Parish has of late Years so much increased, that the said Church and Chapel are not sufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants attending Divine Worship.

And the Witness added, That it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, if another Chapel was built, in some convenient Place within or near the said Town, for the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and if Provision was made for the Maintenance of a Minister or Curate to

to

said, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conficjeration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, General Tarle-ton,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Voi,. $z.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Elford, Mr. Pol/exfen Bafard, and Mr. Palk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Smith, Esquire, and of the Lindridge Ta-several other Persons whose Names are thereunder writ- f.lofure Pe *

tion.

ten.

i6

'I'l Felruarii.

A.

l191

ten, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Lindridge, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Cornzvood Common and the Frith Common, in which the Petitioners and others have

Rights of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds afford but little Profit in their present State, but would be greatly improved if divided into

A Petition of IViHiam Fullarof Mem-

Chaddefley Corbett Inclosure Petition.

Riccarton ant)

ber of Parliament for the County of Ayr, and on lie- C'"iJ

half of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Land Owners, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth;

That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation ot Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a certain Place called Riccarton Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of by the Way of Caprington, specific Allotments and inclosed: And therefore pray- Auchins, and Hill House, to a certain Place called The ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Troone, in the Parish of in the said County, dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons and also to make a Harbour for the Safety of Ships, and and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the Petitioners, other Vessels, at the said Place called The Troone-, and and the several other Persons interested therein, in such that such Canal and Harbour will afford the Means of Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House exporting large Quantities of Coals, and other Mi-shall seem just. ncrals, with which that Country abounds, for the Sup-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in i Bill, ply of Dublin, and other Places, and will also afford the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Means of carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Wigley, and Mr. Lygon, do various Kinds, to and from the said Places, w hereby prepare, and bring in, the fame. the Trade and Commerce of many considerable Towns

will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agri-A Petition of Sir John Throckmorton, Baronet, Lord culture of a very populous Country much incrcaled, of the Manor of ChaJdtjl.y Corbett,in the County of and that the same will be of great Public Utility: And

Worcester, and of the several other Persons whose therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in

a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal and Harbour, with convenient Wharfs and Towing Paths, Reservoirs, and other Works belonging thereto respectively, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr.

gifon,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; said Sir John Throckmorton is also entitled unto a Right and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Rc-of a Coney or Rabbit Warren in One of the said Com- cords, mons called Barnett Common, and that the said Coppices, Woods, Woodlands, Commons, and Waste Lands, A Petition of Robert Reid of Auchen-

afford but little Prof.: in their present State, but would harvie, was presented to the House, and read; Setting L be g-catly improved if divided into specific Allotments forth, That the Harbour of Saltcoats is the Property of and inclosed; And therefore praying, That Leave may the Petitioner, and requires the Aid of Parliament in be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, inclosing, and railing a Fund, by a Tonnage upon Vessels loading and allotting, the said Coppices, Woods, Woodlands, Com- discharging Cargoes in the said Harbour, in order that such Money lo collected be laid out in extending and deepening the fame, to the great Benefit of the Country around, the said Harbour, from its Situation, being capable of very great Improvements, and having very

Names are thereunder.written, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish of Corbett,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Coppices, Woods, and Woodlands, the Property of the Petitioner, the said Sir John Throckmorton, in which the Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, are entitled to Right of Common at certain Seasons; and there are also, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons and Tracts of Waste Land, in which the Petitioners and others have Rights of Common, and the

mons, and Waste Lands, tc and amongst the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, extensive Collieries in its Neighbourhood, from which

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Eihvard Littleton, Mr. and Mr. Lygon, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Drayton Par- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are PcUuonl°fUre thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within ctmon. Manor and Parish of Drayton Parjlow, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are sundry Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Manor and Parish, which lie intermixed and dispersed in finall Parcels, and, under their present Circumstances, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and allotted to and amongst the said

many Thousand Tons of Coal are Yearly exported Ireland, and Coastways, together with large Quantities of Salt, which the Custom House Books of Irvine, in whose District it lies, will clearly shew, with the great Revenue arising to Government therefrom, all which would be Yearly increased from the Extension the said Harbour, foas to give more Births for loaded Vessels, with Twelve Feet Water and upwards, throughout the Harbour, and would contain at least Twenty Vessels of Two Hundred Tons Burthen, which could be effected in the Course of a few Years by the Money arising from the said Tonnage, with other Hxtenfions and Improvements, to the very' great Benefit of the Ship Owners and Trade of the Port of , and in

particular to Government, from an additional Revenue,

Proprietors in Severalty, and inclosed, great Advantages which would be the Consequence, together with in-would arise to them: And therefore praying, That creating the Nursery for Seamen for His Majesty's Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Pur- Navy, and Ship Carpenters, all which would be ef-poses, under such Regulations, and with such Provi- fedted by the extending and deepening the said Har-lions, as the House shall think proper. hour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, given to bring in a Bill for deepening and extending pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Harbour o and for colic cling a Tonnage

Mr. John Fane and Mr. Alderman Luj/dagten do pre- on all Vessels loading and discharging Cargoes within pare, and bring in, the fame. the said Harbour, in such Manner, and under such Re-

gulations

»7‘

cm-1

»rth,

able

Ld

the

~h

1'he

and

2u(l

S of

Mi-

up.:

the; of

Kl,

nrl

W«

n(T

a

37 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

317

gulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem near where the Turn between

meet. and pa ties, and from thence to the great

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to Edinburgh, at or near Sauche>f >d, in the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Parish of Ninians, and County of Stirling: And mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it therefore praying. That Leave may he ch/er to b shall appear to them, to the House: in a Bill to alter and enlarge the atbrefdd Ad, so;

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Al- Purpose aforesaid, anu that the Petit.oners m ij- have

lardyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wem Roads Petition, reported *

such other and further Relief in the Premisea as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And ih.u they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the f ine, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr. Anjlrutker.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, who lately acted as Trustees for the Repair of the Road leading from IVem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron-y-Qarth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was referred; That the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with 1 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth; m'z.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from IVem, in the County of to the Lime

Rocks at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was read: — And,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common in the Open Commonable Pasture Lands, and also to Property in the Open Arable Lands, lying within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Pa.ilh, certain Open Commonable Pallure Lands, containing, by Efti-mation, 320 Acres, or thereabouts, and also certain uninclosed and Open Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Pasture and Arable Lands, as they now lie open.

Pitney Lrrtid In" V sure Petition.

Mr. John Lee being examined, said, That the Term uncultivated,' and dispersed, are subject to Trespalles, of the said Act hath been suffered to expire, without and are of fmaii Value to the several Persons entitled any Application being made to Parliament for enlarg- to Right of Common and to Property thereon, but are ing thereof: — And he further said, That during the capable of considerable Improvement, and will be a Continuance of the said Act, the Trustees thereby ap- great Advantage to the respective Claimants and Pro-pointed proceeded in the Execution thereof, and bor- prietors, by Means of a Division and Inclosure: And rowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring the Tolls, which still remain due and owing, and can- in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said

Open Commonable Pasture Lamb, and the said unin-cloled Open Arable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

not be paid off, and the said Roads effdftually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be revived, continued, and enlarged, and fonie additional Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repair- Mr. Senior and Mr. Gore do pre

ing and widening the Road leading from IVem, in the Pam, and bring in, the lame.

County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Kynajloti Powell do prepare, and bring in, the famet

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders or Land Owners within the County of Stirling, and Trustees named and

thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Tware Occupiers, of Warehouses, situated in the Vicinity of houses a anitt the Legal Quays of the Port of London, and in various other Parts of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works,

London

Pocks,

Bill.

appointed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship

of His present Majesty, herein after more particularly mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Pertly several Toll Duties and Powers were granted to certain Trustees therein described, for repairing the aforesaid Roads, and-other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that it would tend much to the Improvement of Agriculture and Commerce, were the Powers, contained in the aforesaid Act, enlarged, in so far as to enable the Trustees, therein mentioned, to make, and keep in Repair, a new Line of Road to branch off from the Turnpike Road leading from Stirling to Dumbarton, at or near the East Side of Powrogan new Bridge, leading from thence by or near IVcocLnd and Mur v ax shall y to or near the Lime Works in that Neighbourhood, from thence by Collenhovt Mild, by or near Pirnhatt, and to or near the Coal Works ere sted, or to be erected, on the Lands of Bannockburn, Auchenbozvie, and Plcany and from or Vol.

ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London \ and Setting forth, That the aforesaid Legal Quays have been established for a long Period of Years, by virtue of certain Royal Commissions proceeding under the Sanction, and by the Authority, of divers Acts of Parliament; and that the Ware houses of the Petitioners have been erected at a very great Expence in the Vicinity of the said Quays, and in various other Parts of the said City, convenient to the Merchants thereof, in Confidence that Parliament would, at all Times, proteA the said Quays, which had been established under its own Sanction, and are occupied principally by Goods and Merchandizes landed upon, or shipped from, the said Quays, and have been and are not orily productive of considerable Profit to the Petitioners, but also of great Convenience and Accommodation to the said Merchants, and all Persons concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Goods at the said Quays y and that the Petitioners haVe been for several Years last continually erecting new and additional Warehouses for the Accommodation of the

4 M Merchants,

3 8

22° Februarii.

A.

797

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Count'd to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Merchants, in order to keep Pace with the Increase of tire Commerce of the Port of London; and that, if the said Bill shall be passed into a Law, and the Business now transa&ed at the said Quays be removed to other Places at a Distance from the said Quays, the Warehouses of the Petitioners will cease to be wanted by A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Merchants and others for the Reception of their Goods, thereunto subscribed, beingTruftecs for executing Two and consequently will become useless, the Money ex- Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign pended in the Erection of them will be in a great Mea- of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sure loft, and many of the Petitioners who depend upon Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Newcastle, gee Roads Petition.

the Rents thereof, or upon the Money received for housing and keeping-Goods therein for the Support of themselves and Families, will be brought to Poverty and Distress; and that the Petitioners conceive that,

Mr. Clulow's Petition against London Docks, kc. Bill.

repairing the Road from the West Coze gate, near the Town of through the West End

of Kenton Pont eland, Dykes,

Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of in consideration of their Cafe, as above stated, they are the River in the County of Northumberland,

entitled to an adequate Cotnpensation or Indemnifi- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, cation for the Loss and Injury they will sustain by the That a considerable Progress hath been made in amend-said Plan being carried into Execution: And there- ing the said Road, and a large Sum of Money hath been fore praying the House to take the Premises into Con- borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Atfls sideration, and that Provision may be made in the said granted and continued. Part whereof remains due and Bill for Compensation or Indemnification as aforesaid, owing; and that the said Roads cannot be completely Or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the said the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. Debt discharged, unless the Terms and Powers of the

A Petition of William Cluof Chancery Lane, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was also pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner of a certain Public Sufferance Wharf, called Meritor!s Wharf, on the South Side of the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Mag-

said Acts are enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted; and that the Highway, leading from the North End of the Road above-mentioned to the Turnpike Road from Alemouthto Hexham, in the said County of Northumberland, is narrow, incommodious, and in a ruinous Condition, and, if the same were properly

dalen, Bermondsey, and also, of certain extensive, com- amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would open modious, and substantial Warehouses erected thereon, a short and easy Communication between the said Two and used with the said Wharf, and that the Business of present Turnpike Roads, and be of Public Utility: And a Public Sufferance Wharfinger has for many Years past therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring been carried on with Credit and Advantage at the said in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Wharf and Premisses; and the Petitioner, under the Acts, and that Provision may be made therein for Hope of such Business not only continuing, but in- amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said creasing, was lately induced to purchase the Freehold Highway, in such Manner, and under such Regulations,

and Inheritance of the said Wharf, Warehouses, and Premilles, at a Price greatly beyond their Value, independent of the Consideration of the Privileges annexed thereto, and the Business thereof continuing and increasing as aforesaid; and that the said Wharf, Warehouses, and Premisses, are well calculated for landing, ship

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, See.:

ping, and housing Foreign Merchandize, for accom- And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of-

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Henry Reginald Lord Bishop of Bristol, Rector of the Parish of Lee, in the County of Kent, and the humble Petition the

modating the Merchants of London and Southwark, for securing and protecting the Public Revenue, and for discharging all other Duties appertaining to Legal Quays at the Port of London; and that a Bill for making Wet Docks and other Works, in Wapping and Parts adjacent, is now depending in the House, which, if passed into a Law, will greatly injure, if not svholly Churchwardens and several principal Inhabitants of the annihilate, the Business carried on at the Petitioner's laid Parish, was presented to the House, and read; said Wharf and Premisses, and consequently render Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is in them of very inconsiderable Value, if some Provisions, a very decayed and ruinous State, and too finall for the at present omitted, are not thereby, or otherwise, fe- convenient Reception and Uleof the Inhabitants of the cured to the Petitioner; and the Petitioner appre- said Parish, and it is necessary the same should be re-hends, and'doubts not but he shall be able to prove, paired and enlarged, or taken down and re-built upon that the Bill is, in other Respefls, injurious to him: a more extensive Plan than the present Church; and And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, his that it will require a considerable Sum of Money to Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of defray the Charges of repairing and enlarging the said the House, or otherwise, and to offer Clauses for Com- Church, and of taking down and re-building the fame, pensation and-Indemnity, or the Grant of Privileges so as to be fuflkiently large and commodious for the similar to those which the intended Dock Company are Reception and Use of the Inhabitants of the Pa-ibliciting, in regard to Legal or Free Quays, and for rish, and a Sum of Money cannot be raised sufficient such other Relief as Parliament may think the Pe- for the Purposes aforesaid without the Authority of titioner entitled to, and also to offer such Proofs and Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may Arguments in Opposition to the said Bill, in its pre- be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and enlarging lent Form, as he shall be advised. the said Church, or taking down and re-building the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fame, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, be referred to the Consideration of the Com- as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lee

Pet

Church

icion.

mittee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the last mentioned Petitioner is to be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other

Hereditaments

7.

iiJ

37 Geo. III.

22°- — 23° Februarii,

fcoz.

rc

1 0

;« ie )r

.C

J

Hereditaments in the Parish of Ringfwalden, in the Robert John William Rennet},

County of Hertford, was'presented to the House, and Thomas and James Gibbons, Citizens and Elec-

read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said tors of the City of CarUJle, in the County of Cumberland, Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common on Behalf of themselves, and many other. Citizens Meadows, Common Pastures,' Waste Lands, and other Electors of the said City, complaining ,of, an'undue Commonable Lands and Grounds,' in which tire Lands Election and Return for the said City, being come; of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dispersed and inter- The House proceeded to the Appointment of''a mixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits'iff Improvement; and that It would be greatly to the the said Petitions; '

Advantage of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Kingswaldeti, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumerand Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent,' and require the Attendance of the Members on the Buliftefs of the House.

And he went accordingly.'

And being returned; .

The House was counted by Mr.' Speaker, ' and Orif hundred and Sixteen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.' And the Door of the House being locked;

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read. *

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glafies, and drawn and read in the usual Manner; '

age] Sirfken'$, and Tatter's, Nut. Bill, read.

Bill to enable the East India Company to

increai'e their Capital Stock, committed.

And the Names of Twenty-five Members,' then pre-An ingfoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sent, were drawn, who were not objected to t

for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmanh, John Stffken, and And the Name of John Harrison, Esquire, being George Lewis Christian Tatter, was read the First Time: drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Sele<ft

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then A Bill to enable the East India Company to raise present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Money by further increasing their Capital Stock and "J r ----- ----- ----- ---- r ——

r: Crl

Supply, defer *

Ways and Means, defer led.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

to extend the Provisions now existing, respecting the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased Stock, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into' a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House,- to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And the Name of George Wood, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Ten other. Members, then present Were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, and fefafide; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Four against. whose Elections Petitions were depending; Seven as then serving on Select Committees i and Eighteen on Account of having, in this Session, served on Selecft Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Carlilie Election Petition considered.

'M

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward HiFlam inclo. Lord Petre, Lord of the Manor of Hillam, within the {urt Parish of Monk in the West Riding of the County of York, on Behalf of himself and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within till: Tomorrow the said Manor, there are divers Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, which now lie open, uninclosed and uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and also divers Parcels of —: - — Open Common Fields, which, lying open and in many

different and dispersed Parcels, are incapable of being improved and occupied to the best Advantage Ana therefore pnying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be gi\ en to bring in a Bill,

'HE Hour appointed for taking into Cohfidera- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And That

___ tion the Petition of Sir James Graham, Baronet,' Mr. Burch, Mr. and Mr. Henry,

and Edward Knub/ey, Esquire; and also, the Petition do prepare,.and bring in, the fame; of William Nanfm, James Robiufon, James Bulrnan *

Thomas Bulman, Marmaduke - Allifon, Robert Nanfmi, A Petition of the Right honourable Robert EJwald Selhy fnclo-

John Potts, Thontas-Sewell, John Hewit, John Barnes Lord Petre, and the humble Petition of Fcjler, sure Ptution *

Vol. 52 Richard

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

die Februarii

Jovis, 23'

Anno 370 Georgii III'" Regis,

1797-

Prayers.

v

Wienholt # Nat. Bill, reported.

GuilJen Mor den Inclosure Petition.

3 30 230 Februarii. A. 1797.

Rickard Swallow, Jofcpk Smith, and Samuel Smith was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

Junior, aryd divers other Persons, whose Names are That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and the thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in Mipior and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated,

County of Yolk, was presented to the House, and read; so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and ex-

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor pensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants, or and rarish, divers Parcels of Commons and Waite Occupiers, and, in their present State, are incapable of CtOLinds, amounting together to 600 Acres, or there- much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to aboutsi which now Tie open, uninclosed, and unculti- the Advance of the several Proprietors, if the same Vated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of were divided and indofed, and specific Parts thereof Improvement; but if the same were divided and in- allotted them: And therefore praying. That Leave doled, and held in Severalty, it would be of very great may be given for bringing in a Bill for those Purposes.

Advantage to that Part of the Country, and to the Pe- O» That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, titioners in particular; and that there are divers Parcels pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of Low Grounds and Carrs adjoining upon, or lying Mr. John Pitt and the Lord do prepare, and

contiguous to, certain Drains or Watercourses, called bring in, the fame,

Selby Dam, Abbholm Dyke, Flight Ditch, Fox Dyke,

and Lennerton Carr Dyke, in the several Parishes, A Petition of several Artists and Designers of new petition d

Townships, Hamlets, or Places, of Selby, Thorp, IVII- Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things, on lowby, Hambleton, Monk-Fryfton, South Milforth, Scalm Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the Bl is "

Park, Wftow, Cawood, Rest Park, Lennerton, Sherburn, House, and read) Setting forth. That the Petitioners

Big yin. Church Fenton, Barkfton, Ash, and Little Fenton, have, with great Industry, and at a considerable Ex-within the said Riding; and that the said Low Grounds pence, made divers new Models and Calls of Bulls, and Carrs, at particular Times of the Year, lie greatly Statues, Animals, and other Things, in hopes to have under Water, and are at all Times very wet, and, in reaped the Benefit of such their own Labours, but, to their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, their great Disappointment, divers Persons have of late if the same were more effectually drained, preferred, taken the Liberty of imitating and making bale, inland improved, it would be of very great Advantage to perfect, and mean Copies thereof, and of felling and that Part of the Country, and to the Petitioners in disposing of the fame, to the great Detriment of the particular; and that the Petitioners are desirous that Petitioners, and such other Artists as aforesaid, and to the said Commons and Waste Grounds may be fevered their great Discouragement in the Exercise of the said and divided, in order to be inclosed, and held in Sever- Arts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given alty by the respective Proprietors, in proportion to to bring in a Bill to secure to them their Rights in such their several Interests; and also, that the said Low new Models and Calls as aforesaid, for such Time, and Grounds and Carrs may be more effectually drained, in such Manner, as to the House shall appear reason-preserved, and improved: And therefore praying, That able and proper.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-Farish of Selby aforesaid, inclosed, divided, and allotted, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and shall appear to them, to the House: among the Petitioners, and the rest of the Land Owners, And it is referred to Sir Henry Paulet St. John respectively, in the Manor and Parish of Selby aforesaid, may, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet that are interested in, and have a Right to, the lame, Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the respectively, in proportion to their several Interests; Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- and also, to have the said Low Grounds and Carrs fons, Papers, and Records, more effectually drained, preserved, and improved, as

lie in the said several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or A Petition of George James Earl was Frodflut *

Places, of Selby, Thorp, Willowby, Hambleton, Monk- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Fryfton, South Milforth, Scalm Park, Wiftow, Cawood, there is within, or adjoining to, the Parish of Frodsham, i iofure Pe-Rest Park, Lennerton, Sherburn, Biggin, Church Fenton, in the County of Chester, a laige Piece or Parcel of tirion-Barkfton, Ash, and Little Fenton, or such of them through Land, called Frodsham Score, which is the sole Property which the said Drains or Watercourses pass, by Com- of the Petitioner, as Tenant for Life, with Remainder missioners also in that Behalf to be appointed, for the to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, and with di-Benefit and Advantage of the several Owners and Pro- vers Remainders over; and that the said Piece or Parcel prietors thereof, according to the true Intent and of Land lies uninclosed, and open to a Branch or Arm Meaning of the said Bill. of the Sea, near the Confluence of the Rivers Mersey

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and Weever, and, being exposed to the Violence of the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Tides, and of the Floods, and fresh Waters of the said Mr.- Burch, Mr. Wilbirforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, Rivers, a considerable Part of the said Piece or Parcel do prepare, and bring in, the fame. of Land hath been wafted, and washed away, and the

Surface thereof remains covered with Water at high Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Tides, and is wholly unprofitable and useless, and other whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Wienholt, was Parts of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, are likely to committed; That the Committee had examined the be washed away and loft, unless proper Banks, Sea Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Walls, or other Works, be constru<sted and maintained, and that the Committee had directed him to report the for the Preservation thereof, and which Banks, Sea Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he Walls, or other Works, may be a Means of reclaiming delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. and recovering from the Sea some Parts of the said

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Piece or Parcel of Land, which have been already

wafted and washed away as aforesaid; and the said A Petition of Jacob John Whittington, Esquire, on Piece or Parcel of Land might be greatly improved, if Behalf of hjmfclf and others, interested in the Open it was inclosed, manured, and put into a State of Cul-and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the tivation, and if proper Buildings, for the Occupation Parish of Guilden Mor den, in the County of Cambridge, thereof, were erected thereon; and that the erecting

and

797.

§ forth, the 1 Reids,

("fed w ituated, and ex-

IlltS, Of able of eatlyto le same thereof Leave Dies.

a Bill, d that Ild

t, to 'late

un *

:nd

r the d to

laid

ven

uch

and

on-

the

n-

it

:et

he

ir-

is toi

it

GSCT73 kuW )f 530L

r

37 Geo. III. 23 9 Pebru3 21

and maintaining such Banks, Sea Walls, or other the Petitioners and others are entitled to divers finall Works, and the making such other Improvements as detached and intermixed Parcels, which are very incon-aforesaid, would be very advantageous to the Petitioner, veniently situated; and that it would be of great Be-and to all Persons who will be entitled to the Reversion nefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors and and Remainder of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, Persons interested, if the same were divided and allotted: but the same will be attended with considerable Ex- And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to pence; and that the Petitioner is willing to ei eft and bring in Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open maintain such Banks, Sea Walls, and other Works, and Commonable Pastures and Turbary, and for cx-and to make such Improvements as aforesaid, and to changing, allotting, and improving, the said Open and defray the Expences attending the fame, in case he Commonable Arable Lands in the Village of Cat cot, shall be enabled to charge the said Piece or Parcel of within the Parish of Moor/inch aforesaid, with such Land, and such Parts thereof, as may be so reclaimed, Powers, Regulations, and Provisions, as to the House or recovered from the Sea as aforesaid, with such Sum shall seem meet.

or Sums of Money, towards reimbursing him the said That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Expence, as the House shall think proper and reason- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that able: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Mr. , Mr. Gore and Mr. Senior,

.to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-men- do prepare, and bring in, the fame, tioned, in such Manner, and under such Redtri&ions,;

as to the House shall seem meet. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, tiUon.1 6 ' pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Mr. Crewe and Mr. William Egerton do prepare, and Parish of in the County of , certain

bring in, the fame. Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Ef-

timation, 175 Acres, or therabouts, whereon the Pe-The House proceeded to take into Consideration the titioners and others are entitled to Right of Common; Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, and that there are, within the said Parish, certain Open An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Efti-Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Ma- mation, 430 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Peti-jesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting tioners and others are entitled to small, detached, and " the Number of Canons Refidcntiary in the Cathedral intermixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently " Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry situated; and that it would be of great Benefit to the " and Prebends of the said Cathedral," and to make several Proprietors, and Persons interested, if the same further'Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said were divided and allotted: And therefore praying, That Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and Fund thereof. allotting the said Open and Commonable Pastures, and

And the said Amendment was read j and is as for exchanging, allotting, and improving the said Open /oiloweth; viz. and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish

Pr. 28. L ult. After " notwithstanding " insert, of Moorlinch aforesaid, with such Powers, Regulations,

" Saving always to the King's and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

' Most Excellent Majesty, His Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" Heirs and Successors, and to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " all and every other Person and Mr. Allen, Mr. Gore and Mr. Dickinson Senior,

" Persons, Bodies Politic and -do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

" Corporate, his, her, and their

Heirs, Successors, Executors, A Petition of the Governor and Company of the " and Administrators (other Water Works and Water Houses in S ha died I, was pre- Water Work.

than those meant and intended fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Company

" to be affected, or barred, by Petitioners are Proprietors of certain Water Works dfm'Docks, *

" this Act) all such Estate, and Water Houses established in the Parish of Saint &c. Bill.

" Right, Title, and Interest, as Paul Skadzvell, in the County of which they, every, or any of them, Works have been carried on under the Authority of << had, or enjoyed, of, in, or to -an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Year of the " the said Premises, or any of Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to the prethem, before the passing of lent Time, and the said Parish, and -several other " this Act, or could or might -neighbouring Parishes, have been supplied with Water " have had or enjoyed, in case from the said Works by Means of Engines, Pipes, and " the same had not been made." Citterns, erected and laid for the Passage and Con-The said Amendment being read a Second Time, veyance -of it, to the great Accommodation of the In-was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by habitants in the said Parishes, and at the great Ex-the House. pence and Risk of the Petitioners and their Predecef-

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill fors; and that the said Works have been found to be to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House of great Public Utility, upon the Success whereof de-hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord- pends the Health and Comfort of many Thoulands of ships. the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and the Petitioners find that a Bill is now depending for mak-Catcot inclo- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ing Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and for other Pur-iwe Petition, thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and poles, in the said Parish of and other Pa-

read; Setting forth. That there are, in the Village of rishes adjoining thereto; and, if the said Bill should Catcot, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much of Somerset, certain Open and Commonable Pastures injured in their Property, their Works destroyed, and and Turbary, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others have their Comforts, and put to the great eft Inconvenience:

Right of Common in respect; of their several Tcne- And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by ments; and that there are within the said Village, their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, contain- may be injurious to the Petitioners, and that the same ing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon may not pass into a Law.

Vol. 52, 4 N A Petition

lord *

Amendment to Litchfield Canons Rcii-dentiary, &c. Bill, agreed to *

T

321

33° Februarii.

A 1797.

Petition from Commissioners of Sewers of Tower Hamlets against Lohdon Docks, See; Bill.

A Petition of th£ several Persons, whose Names ire thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, was also presented to the House; and read; Setting forth; That; from Time immemorial, there have been various Sewers within the Tower Hamlets; in the County of dlesex, and under the Jurisdiction of certain Commissioners appointed from Time to Time for the Care of them; and that there are particularly in such DiUriel Two Sewers; one called the Man the Moon and flapping Level Sewer, which carries off great Quantities of Water from the City of London, and the several Parishes of Saint Botolph Aldgate, Saint Mary Whitechapel, Mile End New Town, Saint George's, Saint

John Wapping, and Saint Paul the other

Sewer is calicd the Nightingale Lane Sewer, which carries off great Quantities of Water from the several Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, Saint Botolph Aid-gate, and Saint John Wapping, and such Waters are discharged therefrom by several Outlets into the lliver Thames-f and that; by Means of such Public Sewers, the Houses, Lands; Tenements, and Premisses, of the several Parishes aforesaid; and the Parts adjacent, are well and effectually drained; and that the Petitioners liaVe seen a Bill, now depending in the House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater and better Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and it appears that such intended Docks, Cuts, and Basons, if carried into Executioil, will effectually cut off the Communication from such Sewers into the River Thames, and, if some other good and effectual Outlets are not made, the Waters of such Sewers will re Slow, become flagnate, and, it is greatly to be feared, lonie pestilential Disease would be the Consequence, and the forming new Sewers would be attended with very considerable Expence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in such Bill for forming new Sewers at the Expense of the Persons applying for the said Bill; and that the same may be directed to be done under the Direction and Inspection of the Petitioners, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill; against the said Petitions.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of°Sewere°ofrS thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commis-Tow Ham- honers of Sewers for the Hamlets, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from Time immemorial, there have been various Sewers within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, and under the Jurisdiction of certain Commissioners, appointed from Time to Time, for the Care of them; and that there are, particularly in such District, Two Sewers, the one called the Tower Hill Sewer, and the other the Nightingale Lane Sewer, the former carrying off great Quantities of Water from the City of London, the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, and Places adjacent, and the latter carrying off great Quantities of Water from the several Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, Saint Botolph Aldgate, Saint John,

Jets against London Port Bill.

and Places adjacent; and such Waters are discharged therefrom, by several Outlets, into the River Thames', and that, by such Public Sewer, the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the several Parishes aforesaid, and the Parts adjacent, are well and effectually drained; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill; now depending in the House, for improving the Port of London; and it appears that the intended Dock; Cuts, and Basons; if carried into Execution, will effectually cut off the Communication from such Sewers into the River Thames, and; if some other good and effectual Outlets are not made, the Waters of such Sewers will reflow, become stagnate; and, it is greatly to be feared, that some pestilential Difeaie would be the Consequence, and that forming new Sowers would be attended with very considerable Expence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Gonfideratlbn; and that Provision may be made, in the said Bill; for forming new Sewers, at the Expence of the Persons applying for the said Bill, and that the same be directed to be done under the Direction and Inspection of the Petitioners, and that they may be heard, by themselves; their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as Vnay aft'eft them, and that"the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers acting in and for the Limits of the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catharine's and Blachzcall in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, from Time immemorial, there has been, and still is, a Common and Public Sciver, called the Tozver Hill Sewer, within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, with which one of the principal Sewers of the City of London communicates; and that, at the latter End of the Year 1795, the said first-mentioned Sewer was blown up, which Accident was occasioned by a Deleft in the City of London's Sewers, and by an additional Quantity of Waters lately turned therein; and that the said Aril-mentioned Sewer was repaired, and Jias lately been again blown tip; and that, upon a careful Inspection of the same by skilful Surveyors, it appeared not to be sufficiently capacious to carry off the great Increase of Waters now flowing into the same ffom the said City Sewers, although large enough for the District to which it be longs; and that a riew Sewer of greater Capacity is thereby become necessary to be made; and that the District, within which the said first-mentioned Sewer is situate, is very small, and the making of such new 'Sewer will be attended with a very considerable Expence, which would fall extremely heavy on the Inhabitants; and that the general Principle of the Law of Sewers, which is, that all Persons who receive Benefit, or avoid Damage thereby, should contribute and pay in Proportion to the Benefit they receive, or the Damage they avoid, is in the same of the said District defeated, by the Petitioners not having Power to aliefs the Inhabitants, resident within the City of London, who receive Benefit, or avoid Damage, by Means of the said first-mentioned Sewer, although they greatly exceed those resident -within the District to which such Sewer belongs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raile Money to make and keep in Repair such now Sewer, and for compelling the Persons resident within the City of London, who receive Benefit, or avoid Damage, thereby, to contribute and pay towards the Expence thereof, together with the Inhabitants of the District, in proportion to the Benefit they receive, or the Damage they avoid, respectively, or that the Petitioners

Tip.ver Hamlets Sewc; s Petition.

37 Geo. III.

23° Februarii.

3 3

le-Bone againlfc the Poor Kill.

tioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as used by the said Barbers and Surgeons, for the curing

to the House may fecm meet. ' and healing of Wounds, Hurts, and such like lnnr-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mities, and that no Barber, using the said Mystery ot Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Surgery within the said City, should be admitted to mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it execute and perform the same My fiery of Surgery, un-

shall appear to them, to the House: leis he had first been approved of, as well as initrufted

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman in that Mystery, by the said Mailers or Governors, and Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow divers Privileges, and Exemptions were thereby granted Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chana- to the said Mailers, Governors, and Commonalty, for ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ever; and that, by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Records. Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, it was enacted, that the Two Companies, called " The Barbers of ," and " The Surgeons of ," should be

united, and be called by the Name of " The Mailers or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of London" and by that Name

petition from a Petition of the Moll noble George Marquis of of iint M-uy" WinclicJler, the Right honourable Henry Lord1 Middle-

ton the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose (0 impicad a„d-be imp|Mded> and to purchase and

1 xn y .?re u . y e ' e r)rl ett ® enjoy Lands and Tenements, and to have a Common

e Panlh of W M -iear.mtheCoun of - a„ Bendits and Privileges theretofore

dtejex, acting under and by virtue of an Act, of the - & -

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Behalf of themselves , and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better

granted to the said Companies, or either of them, and divers other Powers, Privileges, Benefits, and Immunities, were thereby granted to the said Mystery and Commonalty; and that, by certain other Letters Patent, under the

Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting Great Seal of bearing Date theruth Day of

forth. That the Effect of the said Bill will, in the Judg? she Ff bJear gf ,he Ke«n K,nS Clmr/ts

the Judgment of the Petitioners, be highly prejudicial to, and incompatible with, the Interest of the said Parish; and that the said Bill will tend, in its Operation, to increase the enormous Burthen of the Poor Rates, in-itcad of alleviating them, as the express Object of the Bill maintains, and will, if carried into a Law, encourage Id lends, create Pensions for a Variety of un-, c~ rp,- - JT,

dclerving Persons, to a great Amount, at the Expence A<a thirty-lecund ot King Henry the

of the industrious Housekeepers, who are at present 5.. W" V°‘v' _ and dlVers.

the First, several other Powers and Privileges were granted to the said Companies; and that, by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations, the V-iiion and Incorporation of the Barbers and Surgeons of L, made pursuant to

Luv iiiuuuuouv) i iwuicivuv-ucioj w lit; tUu <XL IditlCUL tj i i . i i r

nuch aggrieved with their respective Proportions to lowers were thereby granted to the Corporation of

the Poor Rates, and, in many Cafes, it is presumed " ft f,nceAh-e ?affinF,0Ahc

that this Bill will open a Door to fraudulent Con- ,?ld Vt. Eighteenth } ear of his late Majesty,

tracts impracticable Accounts, and endlels Litigations, urt Examiners of the Corporation of Sui>

without removing any reasonable Grievance, now sub- Scons iaJre constantly, and without any Ikcompenc

lifting, which the present Laws have not sufficiently jammed not only all Persons who have offered them-

A---\ i-1 ----- ----- ----- - TM__a. T_____ »C1V C _

in His Majesty's Navy and Army, but likewise such

guarded against: And therefore praying, That Leave "Candidates and Surgeons Mates

may be given them to be heard, by themselves, or ,n H,s Majesty NaVV and Arnw‘ h,f r"rK

Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as

Petition from the Corporation of Sur- -geoas.

as have offered themselves as Candidates for the Service of the East India Company; and that the Court of Atfistants of the said Corporation did, in the Year 1790, make Provision for the Establishment of a Course of Chirurgical Lectures, to be delivered , Annually, to Persons intended for the Service of the Army and Navy, and to Students in Surgery, which will be attended with a considerable Annual Expence to the said Corporation; and that His Majesty, with a View to encourage the Study and Practice of Surgery ill Scotland and , has been pleased to incorporate

the Societies of Surgeons in Edinburgh and Dublin as Colleges, and to grant to the Members thereof personal Distinctions, Powers, and Authorities; and that the Petitioners find, by Experience, that the Powers it was, amongst other and Privileges granted by the said Acts, and by divers

Things, directed, that the Freemen of the Mystery of Charters, have not been sufficient for the well ordering

Barbers of the City of London should be One Body, and regulating the Affairs of the said Corporation, and

and One perpetual Community, and that Two Prin- the Practice of Surgery in the Cities of London and they may think prejudicial to the Interest of the said Pari (hr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Members of the Corporation of Surgeons of London, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 24th Day of February, in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, it was, amongst

cipa s of the same Commonalty, of the moll expect Men of the Mystery of Surgery, might, with the Afi'ent of Twelve or Eight Persons of the same Community, every Year, elect Two Mailers or Governors to over-

Westminster, and within a certain Distance thereof; and the Petitioners conceive it would tend to the Advancement of the Art of Surgery in England, if the Corporation of Surgeons in London were raised to an

fee and govern the said Commonalty, and all Men of equal Degree of Rank and Respectability with the

the same Mystery, and the Affairs thereof, and who might make Statutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Mysteries, and should have the Survey, Search, Correction, and Government, of all the Freemen of the said City, being Surgeons, and of other Surgeons being Foreigners, and the Puijishment of them, as well Freemen as Foreigners, for their Of-

Members of the said Colleges of Surgeons in Scotland and Ireland, and further Powers and Authorities granted, to enable them to carry into Execution the good Purposes intended by the said recited Act and Charters more effectually: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under

fences in not perfectly performing the said Mystery, Rich Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House and should have the Survey of all Instruments, Plaillers, ljiall appear just and proper.

and other Medicines, and the Receipts to be given and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the V01.52. Consideration

314

230 Febru

A. 1797.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- A Petition of the several Persons', whose Names are mine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two shall appear to them, to the House: Acts of Parliament, one of which passed in the Twenty-

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Anderson.&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing

" and widening the Roads leading from the of

" Hand, near Bridge, in the County' Of War-

" , through the Town of Southern) in the fame

" County, to the Borough of , in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post: in the Village " of Adder bury, in the same County, through Kid/ington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of " and also the Road leading from'a Place

Owners and-Proprictofs of Lands in the Open Com- M called The Two Mile Tree, near the City ol

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ' and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. be added to the Gentle *

in Etwairfn- racn w ° are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, clo:'u« Bill, pursuant to the Prayer 01 the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being

Bill presented.

Hartinjrton

Inclosure

Fcticion.

Relmfcot, See,

Inclosure

petition.

mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of Estates having Right of Common, and other Interests, upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etzvall,in the County of Derby.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etzvall, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Most noble William Duke of

Devonshire, Knight of the Most noble Order of the Garter, Lord of the Manor of Hartington, in the County of Derby, and the humble Petition of Hugh great Progress in amending the said Road, and have Bateman, Esquire, Owners and Proprietors of Estates borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the within the said Manor, and also within the Parish of Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, a considera-Hartingum aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and the ble Part whereof (till remains due; and that the said rest of the Proprietors, was presented to the House, Acts are very near expiring, and have been found in and read j Setting forth, That there are, within the many Respects defective; and that the said Debt can-said Manor and Parish, certain Commons and Waste not be paid off, and the said Road be effectually Grounds, containing in the Whole 11,000 Acres, or amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapa- said Acts are enlarged, and the Powers thereof amend-ble of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the ed and altered, or wholly repealed, so far as the lime said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and relate to the repairing and widening the said Road, inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Pro- from the Guide Polt in the Village of perty of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and the City of Oxford, and unless new and other Powers inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in are granted; and that the Road from the Termination such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. of the said Turnpike Road, at or near a certain Place

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, called The Diamond House, to the City of Oxford, is

not sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, and it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for tire said other Road t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eftefting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the (ante, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy, Lord George AligHenry Cavendish, and Mr. George Walpole, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the Hamlets of Kelmfcot and Broadwell, in the Parish of Broadzvell,in the County of Oxford, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlets, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which lie so intermixed and inconveniently situated, as, in their present State, to

admit of very little Improvement, but, if the same ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Tithes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, respectively, great Advantages would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

and have Records.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.

AcMcrbilry and Oxford Road Petition.

" over Goiford,otherwise Gofj Bridge, to a certain

" Gate entering upon Weflon on the Green, in the said " County," and the other, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majority, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the " Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and " widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the " Counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to " the Road from the Guide Post, in the Village of " Adderbury,through Kidlington,to the Mileway leading

" towards the City o {Oxford,"was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees for repairing and amending that Part of the Road, leading from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford, have, under the Powers of the said Acts, made.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Carlisle returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend committee the said Committee delivered in to the House One of appointed, the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Pretence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that John Harrison, Esquire, and George Wood, Esquire, being Mr. John Fane and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittartdo prepare, added, the same was called over; and is as follows: nd bring in, the fame. Sir John , Baronet, Matthew Gregory

Esquire,

Libotton i worn *

Guilden Mor-den Inclosure Petitioa, withdrawn.

Carl 1 fle and Penrith Roads Petition.

37 Geo. III. 23 — 24°

Esquire, James Amyatt, Esquire, John Sargent, Esquire, Edward Miller Muncly, Esquire, Richard Bateman Robson, Esquire, George Ellisy Esquire, Thomas Kemp, Esquire, William Mainwaringy Esquire, Thomas Johnesy Esquire, the Honourable Edward Lafcellesy Mark Sin-g/etony Esquire, the Honourable William Brodricky John Han'tfony Esquire, George Woody Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Sir James Graham, Baronet, and Edward Knubley, Esquire y and also, the Petition of William Nanfony James Rob info ny James Bu!many ‘Thomas Bulmany Marmaduke A/liJony Robert Nanfony John Pottsy Thomas Sewelly John Hewit, John Barnes, Robert Graham, John Richardfony William Bennett, Thomas Sewell, and James Gibbons, Citizens and Electors of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cum-berlandy on Behalf of themselves, and many other Citizens and Electors of the said City, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner. \

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V._______________ _______________s —

V1 eneris,240 .

Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

/iNthonyHenry Libotton took the Oaths appointed, in: order to his Naturalization

Notice being taken. That the Petition of Jacob John Whittington, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden , in the County of Cambridge, which was Yesterday presented to the House, praying that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Grounds, was not iigned by the Petitioner, according to the Order of the House, but by an Agent only;

Ordered, That the Order, then made for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of lijle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of to Bridge,

which divides the Counties of Cumberland and morland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Atts, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner,

Vol. 52.

Februarii. 32 5

and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Frederick Fletcher Fane, Mr. Curwen, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, being Inhabitants of the Towns of Dover, Deal, and Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and of the leverdl Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred:

Sir William Geary accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr; John Ship Jem being examined, said, That the Road leading from Dover to Deal, and from thence to Sandwich, in the County of Kent, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, being a very public and much frequented Road, is in many Parts thereof circuitous, narrow, and incommodious, and by lleafon of the many sudden Turnings therein, and of the great Number of Carriages and Passengers daily passing and repassing thereon, is become in many Parts exceedingly ruinous and unsafe.

And the Witness further said, Th&t a great Part of the present Road might be very considerably widened and improved, so as to make it safe and commodious to Carriages and Pallengers; and that a very commodious and good Road might be set out and made through Part of a Field called Foulmead Field, in the Parish of

Sholden,on the Road between Deal and and from thence through Hacklinge , and Field, to join a Lane leading into the present Road to Sandwich, near Upton Farm House, in the Parish of

And the Witness added, that by making these Alterations, several sudden Turnings, and several low and narrow Places, would be avoided, and the Distance of the main Road from Deal to Sandzcich considerably ihortened, to the great Benefit of the Public, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of Dover, Deal, and the adjacent Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place in the Parish of Sholden called Foulmead Field, and for making a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge , and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise M'ord, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the d own and Port of Sandwich: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward Knatckbull do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paitures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Campion, otherwise Campion cum , in

4 O the

Dover, Deal, attd Sandwich Ro:\cisi Petition, repotted;

Campton In-dofure Rill, reported.

k

3 26 24° FebrA. 1797.

the County of Bedford,was committed; That the Com- is now due and owing; and that, by Means of this mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Establishment, the aged and iniinn Poor have been Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had comfortably provided for, the Y oung have been edu-been complied with; and that the Committee had cated in proper Schools, and trained up in Habits of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Industry and Decency, a Stop has been put to the great same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Frauds and Abuses that prevailed in the Parochial Exgiven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of penditure, and those Poor, who have laboured under the Committee; and that the Committee had gone temporary Distress or Disability, have been more libe-through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- rally assisted and relieved in their own Dwellings, both unto, which they had directed him to report to the by pecuniary and medical Aid, than had before been House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- found practicable; and that, under this Establishment, terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the aged and infirm Poor, who prefer to reside with at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were their Relatives or Friends, able to give them some Af-Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One fiftance, have Allowances made to them to enable them by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- to continue in their own Dwellings, and are not obliged, upon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amend- under those Circumstances, to come to the House of ment was made, by the House, to the Bill. Industry against their own Inclination; and that, whilst

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Poor themselves have derived these important Ad-ingrolfed. vantages from this Institution, the Petitioners have also

been very considerably benefited, by keeping the Poor's Hauflbujlier's A Petition of Lewis John Marie HauJJbullier was pre- Rates (notwithstanding the high Price of Provisions Nat.Petition. fente(i to t]ie House, and read; Praying, That Leave for Two Years last past) from increasing, which, for may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturaliza- some Years before the passing of the said Act, they had tion. done in a very high and alarming Degree, and by af-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, fording a well-grounded Expectation of having them according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that considerably reduced, when Provisions shall fall to their Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Elforddo prepare, and bring in, usual Prices; and that the Petitioners are well con-

the fame. vinced, these combined and inestimable Advantages

have arisen from the good Management of the Boards Penge inclo- A Petition of John Morgan, Esquire, and John Cator,of Directors, appointed under the Authority of the

fare Petition. Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons, Special Act granted for this Establishment; and that having Rights of Common, or otherwise interested, in the Qualifications required have rendered these Boards the Common or Waste Ground, called Penge Common, respectable, the Number of Directors secured the A.d-situate within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of vantage of combined Judgment and due Deliberation,

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting effectually prevented the Abule and the Oppression of forth, That there is, within the said Hamlet, a Com- the Poor, and, from the particular Form of their Con-mon or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, ftitution, enabled them to act with the Advantage of containing about 500 Acres; and that the Petitioner, practical Knowledge and Experience in the Duties of John Morgan, is Owner of the Soil thereof, and the their Office; and that it is with deep Concern the Pe-Lord Archbishop of York, in Right of his See, and titioners apprehend, that, by the Bill now depending ‘John Paget, as his Lessee, and the Petitioners and others, in Parliament, for the better Support and Maintenance as Owners or Proprietors of divers inclosed Lands, of the Poor, the Management of Houses of Indus-Fields, and Grounds, lying within the said Hamlet and try, and Employment of the Poor therein, will be Ground, are entitled to Rights of Common in and upon subjected to such Regulations, Superintendence, and the said Common or Parcel of Waste Ground; and Controul, as will make void the Constitution and Efta-it would be to the Advantage of the Persons interested blishment of that Board, under which their House hath therein, if the same was divided, inclosed, and allotted, so greatly flourished, and wholly set aside that Plan for amongst them, in proportion to their several and respec- the Maintenance, Education, and Employment of the tive Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Poor, from whence so great good hath been derived;

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating and that the Consequences will be totally ruinous to the Purposes aforesaid. the Petitioners, who, on the Faith of Parliament, have

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, contracted so considerable a Debt, by embarking in pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that this Undertaking; and that, by exempting Houses of Lord William Rujfell and Sir John Frederick do prepare, Industry from the Operation of the intended Act, these and bring in, the fame. evil Consequences will be avoided, and an Opportunity

afforded (if the said Bill should pals into a Law) of Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and ascertaining, from fair Experiment, whether the Plan Ofweitry.&c. Inhabitants, of the Town of Oswestry, in the County adopted by the Petitioners, or that proposed by the said tbnhHhe"'1'' of Salop, and of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of OJ- intended Act, be most practicable and expedient: And Poor Bill. wejiry. Saint Martin's, Sylattyn, Whittington, West Felton,therefore praying. That a Clause, granting such Ex-

Ruyton, Kinnerley, Knockin, and Llanyblodzvell,in the said emption to the Oswestry House of Industry, may be County, of that Part of the Parish of Llanymynech introduced into, and form a Part of, the said intended which lies in the same County, of the Parish of Chirk, Act.

in the County of Denbigh, and of the Parish of Llanfilin, A Petition of the Parishioners of the several Parishes Petition from in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was presented to of Ellesmere, Middle, and and ot

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Chapelry or District of Hadnal, otherwise Hadnal- ti .0 in the in the Year 1791, obtained an Act for incorporating Ease, in the County of Salop, assembled at their re 1 pec- Poor Bill, the said several Parishes, and establishing a House of tive Vestries, duly summoned for that Purpose, was also Industry for the Maintenance and Employment of the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That,

Poor; and that, in the Purchase of Lands, the Erection by an Act, passed in the Year 1791, for the better of a House and Buildings, and the Purchase of Fur- Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the niture, Implements and Machinery, necessary for car- several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and rying the said Act into Execution, the Petitioners ex- Hordiey, and to the Chapelry or District of Hadnal, pended the Sum of £.12,000, which was borrowed by otherwise Hadnal-Ease, in the County of Salop, the said Mortgages, made under tire said Act, and which Sum Parishes and Chapelry have been incorporated, under

37 Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 327

the Style and Title of " The Guardians of the Poor of the several Parishes of E

and Horsley," and, in the said Act of Incorporation,

have been veiled with such Powers as have enabled them to provide for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor belonging to the said Parishes; and that, at the Time appointed by the said Act, the Persons authorized thereby proceeded to its due Execution by the Appointment of Fifteen Directors, according to the Provisions thereof, and that the said Directors did purchase Ground, and erect Buildings thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, on which, with other necessary Appendages, they have expended the Sum of £.8,600, and upwards; and that the said Buildings were so far completed and furnished, and Implements for carrying on the Manufactories in different Branches provided, as to enable the Directors to receive the Poor into the House in the Beginning of the Year 1795; and that the Poor have ever since continued under the Management and Superintendence of the said Directors, who have been successively appointed according to the Provisions of the said Act, and who, as the Petitioners verily believe, have discharged the important Duties of their Office, not only with Uprightness and Integrity towards the incorporated Parishes by whom they have been severally conflicted, but with an humane Attention to the Comforts and Accommodation of the Poor, having rendered their House an Asylum for the Old and Infirm, a Place of useful Labour for such as are capable of Labour, and a Seminary of Inllruftion (as far as is needful) for the younger Branches committed to their Care; thus, by the System of Discipline introduced among them, inuring those, who before were subjected to no Discipline, to early Habits of Industry, and training them in the Ways of Piety and Virtue; and, from this Line of Conduct steadily pursued, the Petitioners look forward to the pleasing Prospect of seeing, in the more advanced Stages of their Establishment, many, who might otherwise have languished in Wretchedness, and have been the Outcasts of Society, become useful and valuable Members of the Community to which they belong, by being refeued at this critical Period from the baneful Contagion of Vice, and the fafeinating Se-duftions of evil Company; nor has the Attention of the Directors been confined solely to the Accommodation of that Part of the Poor, who, from having been received into the House, are the more immediate Ob-jests of their Inspection; they have also occasionally granted liberal Allowances to the Out-Poor, where Circumstances of particular and temporary Distress have rendered such Allowances expedient: Under the Influence of these Perfuafions, the Petitioners cannot but have observed with Regret the Progress of a Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, by which the Salutary Regulations of their Act will be in a great Measure iuperfeded, the greater Part of their Buildings will be rendered useless, and their Rates for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor will be considerably increased, by the Creation of heavy Burthens in Addition to those which their present Establishment has necessarily produced; an Establishment founded upon the Faith of Parliament, pledged to them by an Act specially passed for that Purpose: And the Petitioners therefore implore the House to permit them to continue in the uninterrupted Enjoyment of the Powers which they now possess, by exempting them from the Operation of the said Bill (Ihould it pass into a Law) till at least both Experiments shall have been fairly tried, and Experience shall frith Certainty decide which is most practicable and expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tables until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Vol. 52.

A Petition of the Several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or resident in or near the several Parishes of

rington, and Condover, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Turnpike Road from Atcham, through Condover, to

rington, with a Branch from Allfield, turning to Hanger hill, upon the Turnpike Road leading from bury to Ludlow, in the said County of Salop, would be beneficial to all Persons residing in or near the said several Parishes, and an Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, as well as of Public Utility, by forming a general Communication between the Turnpike lload leading from Shrewsbury aforesaid to in the said

County, and also, between the Turnpike Road from Ellefimere, in the said County, and other Parts, with the said Turnpike Road leading from to

Ludlow: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Kynaston Pozvell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from fVem, in the County of to the

Lime Rocks at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Harbour of the said City has, of late Years, been considerably repaired, and the increasing Trade and Commerce of the Place still requires that the same should be farther extended and improved, particularly by the making, erecting, and building of Wet and Dry Docks, for the Accommodation and Careening of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, and of additional Quays, Piers, Jetties, and other Works, necessarily connected with these intended Improvements; and that such Works would be of considerable Advantage, both to the City of Aberdeen and the Public in general, but the same cannot be accomplished, unless the Petitioners, and their Successors, on Behalf of the Community, are enabled to purchase and acquire Right to certain Grounds, Tenements, Houses, and other Hereditaments, adjacent to the present Harbour, and' not farther distant than 500 Yards from the Flood Mark thereof at High Water, which are necessary for the Execution of the aforesaid intended Improvements; and that the Petitioners are already vested in the Right of sundry Quays, Piers, and other Works, upon both Sides of the Entry of the said Harbour, particularly upon the South Side thereof, immediately adjacent to the small Village and Fish Town of Torry, and to the Lands and Barony of Torry, lying in the Parish of Nigg, and County of Kincardine,. with full Power of holding Courts and adminillering Justice within all the Bounds and Parts of the said Harbour, and Flood Mark thereof, as well as upon both Sides of the fame; and that, for enabling the Petitioners farther to extend and improve the said Quays and Piers upon the South Side of the Harbour, they have lately purchased and acquired Right to a considerable Part

Atcham nml Don ington Ro.ui Petition *

Wem Road Bill, present ed.

Aberdeen Harbour additional Petition,

v

24° Febru

A. 1797.

of the Property of the said Village of Torry, and fe-Vcral small Pieces of Arable Ground in the Vicinity thereof, and also to a narrow Tract or Piece of Muir Ground, extending therefrom Eastward, along the said Quays, to the Entry of the Harbour, and from thence Southward, about an Miie along the Sea Coast,

to the South Side of a small Bay, called The Bay of

Nigg, and not exceeding, in any one Part, the Distance of 400 Yards from the Sea; and that it would greatly tend to the more effectual Execution of the intended Improvements, and Extension of the Works of the said Harbour, as well as for the better Preservation thereof when completed, if the Petitioners JurilHidlion were extended over the said Village or Fish Town of 'Torry, and small Pieces of Arable Ground adjacent thereto, and also over the aforesaid Tract or Piece of Muir Ground, lying along the Entry of the Harbour and Sea Coast, within the Limits before described, in the same Manner, and with like Powers, as within the other Parts of the Harbour of , and Flood

Mark thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for the further improving and repairing of the said Harbour of the City of Aberdeen, and for extending the Petitioners Jurisdiction over the said Village or Town of , and several Pieces of Ground as above limited and described, as well as for the other Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

bilton Inc!°- Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

ftnted ' ' pr Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of

Dalton, In the several Parishes of Rotherham and berg/t, in the West Riding of the County of: And the same was received; and read the First Time. . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

fngton indo- are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

Cure Act. others, being Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, within the Township of IValkington, in the East Riding of the County of York, reciting that in the said Township there were several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, containing in the whole 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Honourable and Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Right of his Church and See of Durham, was Lord of the Manor, Liberty, and Bailywick, of How den and Howdenftiire, in the County of York, which

extended over feme Parts of the said Township of IValkington, and that he was also Owner, in Right of his See, of certain Woods, Lands, and Grounds, called Raft Wood and Little Wood, or West Wood, which said Woods were subject to Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasture, by the Owners of Messuages, Front-steads, Cottages, and Oxgangs, within the said Township of Walkington,but One Fourth Part of which said Woods had been, and was liable to be, and then was, inclosed, under the Directions of the Statutes for the Preservation of Woods, upon the Terms and Conditions contained in such Statutes; and that the said Lord Bishop of Durham was also, in his Right as aforesaid, Owner of several Oxgangs of Land, Parcel of the said Fields, and that John Lockwood, of Beverley, in the

3

County of York, Gentleman, was Lessee for Lives, under the said Bishop of Durham, of the said Woods, Grounds, and Oxgangs; and that Henry Boldero Barnard, of South Cave, in the County of York, Esquire, was Lord of the Manor of Walkington, Provost Fee, and was also Owner of certain Woods, Lands, and Grounds, also called East Wood and Little lifted, or Wood, which said Woods were also subject to a Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasture, by the Owners of Messuages, Frontsteads, Cottages, and Oxgangs, within the said Township of Walkington, but One Fourth Part of which said last mentioned Woods had been, and was liable to-be, and then was, inclosed, under the Directions of the said Statutes, upon the Terms and Conditions contained therein; and that the said Henry Boldero Barnard was also Owner of several Messuages, Frontsteads, and Cottages, having Common Rights, and also Owner and Proprietor of several Oxgangs of Land, Parcel of the said Field: And further reciting. That the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and the said John Lockwood, as his Lessee, and also, in his own Right, the said Henry Boldero Barnard, and also Elizabeth Mainzvaring Ellerker, Harriott Mainivaring,

and Elizabeth Hancock, Spinster, Marmaduke,

Esquire, the Reverend Henry Shepherd, Clerk, and several other Persons respectively, were Proprietors of Messuages, Frontsteads, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, in the said Town lb ip, it was Enacted, That Arthur Mowbray, John Levett, Peter Robert

and William Hall (fmcedeceased) Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner thereinafter mentioned, should be Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as were thereinafter directed and prescribed: And it was further Enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should survey the Woods of the said Lord Bishop of and his Lessee, and carefully, and, to the best of their Skill and Judgment, make a just and true Valuation of the Benefit and Advantage which the Owners of Messuages, Frontsteads, Cottages, and Oxgangs, in the Township of Walkington, had or were entitled to, for the Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasture, in, and over, the said Woods of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, as well as the Injury or Damage sustained by the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his. Lessee, in the said Woods, by the Exercise of the said Right of Common of Pasture, and, after uling such other Ways or Means, as they might judge necessary and proper to gain the best Information concerning the Premises, should let out and allot to the said Proprietors of such Right of Common of Pasture, as aforesaid, such a Part of that Wood or Wood Grounds, called West Wood, or Little Wood, of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Lessee, or out of any (A the Open Field Land of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, as they, the said Commissioners, or any . Three or more of them, should think, to the best of their Skill and Judgment, with the Wood thereon, should be an Equivalent or full Satisfaction, as well for such Right of Common of Pasture as for the Exemption from Damage or Injury in the Woods as aforesaid, which the said Lord Bishop, and his Lessee, would acquire by Means of the Extinction of such Right of Common of Pasture in the said Woods (reserving nevertheless to the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, or to the said John Lockwood in his own Right, the House and Buildings, then lately erected and built by the said John Lockwood, in a certain Part of the said Wood Grounds, called West Wood, or Wood, with the Ground whereon the same flood) having a just and due Regard to the State, Situation, and Quality, of the said Woods and Wood Grounds of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, and the Benefit and Advantage in respect of the Stocking thereof, arising from the said Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasture,

37 Geo. III. 240 Febr 329

ture, and the Injury as aforesaid, and a similar Provi-iion was likewise therein made as to the Woods and Wood Grounds of the said Henry Boldero-Barnard: And it was provided. That nothing in that Act contained should authorize or empower the said Commissioners to allot or assign any Part of the Woods or Wood Lands of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Letfee, and of the said Henry Boldero Barnard, re-fpcftively, called or known by the Names of East (Food or East Woods, as a Compensation or Equivalent for the said Right of Pasturage or Common of Pasture in all the said Wood Lands; but, that the said Compensation, or Equivalent, should be allotted and assigned out of Little Wood or IF eft Wood, or out of any other Open Land, or Ground, in Walkington aforesaid, of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Leftcc\ and the said Henry Bolder0 Barnard, respectively: And it was further Enacted, That, after the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should have thus, as aforesaid, given an Equivalent for the Right of Pasturage, that then the Whole and every Part of the Woods, called East Wood, and also the remaining Part or Parts of West Wood, or Little Wood, of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, and of the said Henry Boldero Barnard, respectively, should, and they were thereby declared to be free, clear, and exempt, from all Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasture, whatsoever; and that the Whole, and every Part of them, should be held in Severalty, and be the foie, entire, and separate Property of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and his or their Lelfec or Leffccs, and of the said Henry Boldero Barnard, his Heirs, or Assigns, respectively, in the same Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, as any of the other Allotments to be made by the said Commissioners, in consequence and by virtue of that Act: And it was further Enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should set out, allot, and award, in Severalty, the lte-fidue (after certain lpccific Allotments therein mentioned) of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, or Commons, within the said Township (except the said Wood Grounds'called East Wood, and the remaining Part of Wood, called West or Little Wood, belonging to the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Lessee, and Henry Boldero Barnard, as thereinbefore mentioned) unto and amongst all the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Frontsteads, and Cottages, and of Lands and Grounds within the same Township, according to their fevera) Rights, Properties, and Interests therein, respectively, in such Shares and Proportions (Quantity, Quality, and Situation con-lidered) as they, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should in their Judgment think most just and equitable, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for all their several Rights, Properties, and Interests, in and upon the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, which they respectively had and enjoyed, or were entitled to: And it was further Enacted, That, as soon as conveniently might be after the said Commissioners should have completed and finished the several Divisions and Allotments thereby directed to be made, they, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, should form and draw up an Award in Writing, which should express, specify, and contain, the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measur, contained in the said Lands and Grounds thereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and also the Quantity of each and every Parcel thereof which should be allotted, by virtue of that Act, to each of the Proprietors entitled to, and interested in, the same respectively, and a Description of the Situations, Abutments, and Boundaries, of the same Parcels and Allotments respectively, and should specify and distin-guiih to whom, and in lieu of what particular Land or Ground, or other Right, the same should be allotted; and which Award is, by the said Act, declared to be Vol. 52.

final and conclusive, as by the said Act more fully appears; and that the said Commissioners, having made and set out the Allotments directed by the said Act, on, or about, the 23d Day of November 1795, made their Award in Writing, and thereby, after specifically allotting and awarding to the said Proprietors divers Allotments and Parcels of Land, did award and adjudge, that they were allotted and awarded in Lieu of, and as an Equivalent and full Compensation and Satisfaction, as well for all their several and respective Oxgangs, Lands, Grounds, Common Rights, and other Rights and Interests, which they respectively had in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, as for their Right of Pasturage, or Common of Pasturage, in and over the said Woods of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and John Lockzvood, his Lessee, and Henry Boldero Barnard, respectively, as also the Exemption from Damage or Injury in the said Woods, but without distinguishing how much, or what Proportion of such Allotments, they allotted as an Equivalent or Satisfaction for such Right of Common of Pasture, and Exemption from Damage and Injury: That, in or about the Year 1790, an Application by the said John Lockwood for an Act of Parliament to inclose the said Township of Walkington being projected, Joshua Sampson, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others of the said Proprietors, objected thereto, unless the Compensation, to be made to them for their Right of Common in the said East Woods, should be made to them by adequate Allotments in the same Wood Lands, well knowing the superior Value of such Lands, when cleared of Wood, to any other Land in the said Township, as well on Account of their Quality, as their Contiguity to the Town of Beverley, upon which the said John Lockzvood thought proper to deny and dispute the Right of Common of the said Proprietors, in the said Woods, to the Extent they claimed it; and thereupon the said Application was suspended till a Trial at Law, in an Action to be brought by the Tenant of the said Joshua Sampson against the said John Lockwood, could be had, to determine whether the said Proprietors were entitled to Right of Common in the said Woods, and whether the said John Lockwood had a Right, by a Custom which lie set up, to exclude them by inclosing any Part of such Woods for a certain Time, which was accordingly tried at the Lent Assizes for the County of York, 1791, when a Verdict was found for the Plaintiff, establishing such Right, and in Eft eft negativing such pretended Custom, and thereupon, and because a greater ShaFe of the said Woods was asked by the said Joshua Sampson, on Behalf of the said Commoners, in lieu of their Rights, than would be given, the said John Lockwood defiiled from the intended Application; and that, soon after the said Trial, the said John Lockzvood, and Henry Boldero Barnard, by the Consent of the Tenants and Inhabitants having Right of Common in the said Wood, according to the Statute made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, proceeded to, and did set out and inclose One Fourth Part of the said Woods, for the Preservation of such Woods for the Times limited by the Statutes made in that Behalf; and that afterwards, in or about the Year 1793, the said Joshua Sampson being dead, and the said Marmaduke Constable and Henry Shepherd being appointed Trustees of his Estate at Walkington, the said John Lockzvood made Application to them for the Inclosure of Walkington, the said John Lockwood professing, that the Preservation of the said Woods, called East Woods, of the said LordBi-' shop of Durham, was his Object; and the said John Lockzvood, in order to induce the said Marmaduke Con-fable and Henry Shepherd to consent to such Inclosure, and to forego any Claim to a Compensation in the Woods themselves, for their Common Rights therein, and to accept a Compensation elsewhere, declared to, and assured the said Marmaduke Constable and Henry

4 P Shepherd,

330 , 240 Februarii. 1797.

Shepherd, that every Intention of cutting down or destroying the said Woods, belonging to the said Lord Bishop of Durham, called Woods, was given up, and that his only Object, with respect to the same Woods, was to preserve them from that Spoil and Destruction which they were subject to by turning in of the Cattle; by which Declarations and Assurances, and for the express Purpose of preserving such Woods, the said Marmaduke Coujlableand Henry Shepherd, not doubt-

ing the Sincerity of the said John Lockwood's Declarations and A Hu ranees, and giving Credit thereto, were induced to give their Consent to the Clauses in the said Act respecting the said Woods, which they would not otherwise have done, and they were the more disposed to give such Credit, conceiving that a Bishop or his Lefiee Would commit Wade, if they cut down or destroyed the Woods belonging to the See; and that other Proprietors, or Proprietor, of Lands in the Township of Walkington,gave their Consent to the said

Clauses respecting the said Woods, upon the same Principle and Idea of preserving the said Woods, although the same Declarations and Assurances were not personally made to such Proprietors or Proprietor, as had been made to the said Marmaduke Coujlable and Henry Shepherd; and that soon after the passing the said Act, whereby the said Proprietors were excluded from their Common of Pasture in the said Woods, upon Compensation to be allotted elsewhere, the said John Lockwood, notwithstanding the Declarations and Assurances he had given, before the Application to Parliament, of his Intentions to preserve the said Woods, entered into Contract with the said Lord Bishop of Durham, for the cutting down the said Woods, called East Wood, belonging to the said Lord Bishop, and having effected such Contract, the said John Lockwood, in Breach and Violation of the said Declarations and Assurances, publicly advertised the Timber growing on the said East Wood, belonging to the said Lord Bishop, to be sold; and, notwithstanding repeated Remonstrances against it, on Behalf of the said Proprietors, the said John Lockwood has now cut down and grubbed up Part of the same East Wood, in order to convert the same into Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, and means, as he declares, to cut down and grub up the Remainder as soon as may be done; and that the said Wood Land of the said Lord Bishop, called East Wood, amounting to 192 Acres, One Rood, or thereabouts, when so converted, will soon, on account of its good Quality as well as Situation, being near the Town of Beverley, be worth from 40 s.to .3. per Acre, whereas, in fact, the Compensation which the said Commissioners have allotted for the said Proprietors, as an Equivalent or Satisfaction for their Common Rights in the said Woods of the said Lord Bishop, called East Woods, and the said Exemption from Damage or Injury, is only a Compensation at the Rate of Two Shillings Acre, for every Acre of such Wood Lands, which is far short of the Equivalent or Satisfaction which the said Proprietors would have been justly entitled to, for their Right of Common of Pasture in the Ground and Soil of the same Wood Lands when cleared of Wood, and converted into Arable, Meadow, or Pasture; the Petitioners therefore, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, having been deceived and circumvented by the said John Lockwood, in Manner above stated, humbly fub-mit to the Justice of the House, that the said Proprietors ought to have such a competent Part of the said Wood Lands, of the said Lord Bishop, called East Wood, set out and allotted to them, as, together with the Compensation already allotted and awarded to them in respect thereof, will be an Equivalent and full Satisfaction for their Rights of Common in the same Wood Lands, according to the State and Condition to which they are now converting, and are in Part converted, making all just Allowances for the Expences attending the fame; and the said Lord Bishop of Dur-9

ham, and the said John Lockwood, respectively, being at Liberty to cut down, take, and carry away, the said Wood, to their own respective Lies: And for that Purpose, they humbly pray, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend the said Act of Parliament, passed ini' the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Award of the Commissioners acting under the fame, so far as respects the Wood Lands and Grounds within the same Township; and grant the said Proprietors such Relief as the Justice of the same may require, and the House may think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of George Wood, Esquire, an Owner and Petition to Proprietor of Lands, and other Hereditaments, within confirm the the Townships of Kirbsgrindalyth and in the certain Landi

Parish of Kirbygrinddlyth, and within the Township or in Kirby-Hamlet of Mowtliorpe,in the East Riding of the County Liuegie-

of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting by, &c." forth, That, in pursuance of an Agreement made in or about the Year 1755, between the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Town-lliip of Kirbygrindaieth,or the Town Fields, Precincts,

and Territories, thereof, and at Mafore laid, a Division or Allotment was made by certain Indentures of Lease and Releale, dated respectively on or about the 18th and 19th Days of April in the same Year, of the Lands and Estates therein mentioned, and certain Compositions or Annual Payments were agreed on, in lieu of Tithes arising out of the same Lands and Estates, and divers Rules and Regulations thereby made respecting the same Lands, Tithes, and Estates; and that, by Articles of Agreement made in or about the Year 1765, between the -several Pei Ions whore Names are therein mentioned (being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Township of Dugg/eVy, and in the Township or Hamlet of aforesaid,

and an Award made in pursuance thereof, by laden-. ture, dated the 26m Day of December in the same Year) the Lands and Estates therein described of the said several Proprietors, were divided and allotted, and certain Allotments, awarded in respect of Rights of Common and also Compositions or Annual Sums, were agreed on and awarded, reflecting the Tithes arising out of the same Lands and Estates, and divers Orders, Rules, and Regulations, were thereby made, respecting the fame, and the Inclosures and Fences thereof, and also respecting the Division and Boundaries of the Town-ships of Dugglebyand Mowtliorpe, aforesaid; and that

the several Allotments and Inclosures of the same Lands and Estates, and the Division and Boundaries of the said Townships, and the Agreements and Regulations respecting the Tithes, Compositions, and Rights of Common, were accordingly then accepted and approved, and until lately have been held, enjoyed, and observed, conformably to the said Agreements, Indentures, and Award, by the several Persons respectively interested therein, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, in lieu of their former Lands, Estates, and Rights, in the said several Townships; but Doubts having ariten how far certain Persons, Parties thereto, were competent to bind their Successors thereby, the Petitioner is desirous that the same may be confirmed and established: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Divisions, Allotments, and Inclosures, and the several other Matters and Things, by the said Agreements, Indentures, and Award, appointed or awarded, in such Manner as the house shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lajcelldo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill

Otherv Inclosure Bill, committed.

Faringdon, &c. Poor Petition.

Faton Hast> ings Inclosure petition.

Petition for extending Mr. Noble's Patent.

37 Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 331

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Langton, Mr. Dickinjon Senior, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of divers Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, within the Hundreds of Canfield,

and S//rivenham, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor belonging to the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof; and that, it is apprehended, if a proper and suitable House was provided for the Reception of all the Poor within the said Pari (lies, Hamlets, and Townships, generally, and proper Powers were given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying to the Poor Rates of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, but would also tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. George Vi'infittart. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Loveden Loveden, Esquire, on Behalf of himtelf and others, the Owners and Proprietors of a certain Open and Common Meadow, called A JillAfead, in the Parish of Eaton , in

the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Shares and Properties of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors, in the said Meadow, are intermixed and uninclosed; and that the Petitioner and the other Proprietors enjoy certain Commonable Rights in and throughout the Whole of the said Meadow; and that the said Meadow, in its present Situation, is incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to each Perl'on, according to his Right and Interest therein, it w'oukl tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioner, and all others interested in the said Meadow: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting those Purposes, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Mark Noble, of the Parish of Lambeth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath invented an Engine for raising Water, particularly useful on board Ships of War, and which have lately been adopted in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, for whose Use they were intended, and to whose Security the Petitioner conceives they will cffcntially contribute; and that His Majesty was. pleased, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 29th of Vol. 52.

January 1784, to grant to the Petitioner the exclusive Right and Property, in his said Invention, for the Term of 14 Years; and that the Petitioner, having expended upwards of £. 3,000 in his Endeavour to obtain the Public Approbation of such Engines, was unable to introduce them into His Majesty's Navy until upwards of Eight Years of the Term of his Letters Patent had expired; so that, unless the Term granted to the Petitioner be prolonged, and the Property in the said Invention secured to him for an additional Term, the Petitioner cannot receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time, in bringing to Per-section his said Discovery: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Af-ligns, the sole Use and Property of his said Invention, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for such limited Time as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Sir liam Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of for themselves,

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That-the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1693, That a Duty of Two Pennies Scots was granted to the Community of the City of Edinburgh, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the lame, and their Successors, for the Uses therein specified, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, either brewed, brought in, tapped, and fold, within the said Town and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, which Duties were, by several Acts, made in the Third and Ninth Years of the Reign of King George the First, further continued and extended to the several Brewers within the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert,the Canongate, and South and North

Leith.

And it also appeared, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, That the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, were continued for the further Term of Thirty-eight Years: — Then,

James Bruce, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Revenue granted by the said Acts, has been faithfully applied to the Purposes thereby directed, yet the same has greatly decreased lince the Commencement of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, info-much that in several Years the Gross Produce was not sufficient for Payment of the Interest of the Debt, far less for the Payment of the Annual Burthens; and although the Revenue, for some Years pall, has considerably increased, yet it is no Ways sufficient for Payment of the Debt contrafted upon the Credit of the said Duties, without a further Continuation of the Term already granted for collecting the fame, and that it will be necessary to explain and amend the said last mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of

Two

Edinburgh Twopennies Scots Petition, reported *

Hirrovv Tn-closure Petition.

Petition from St. George's Pari ft, again It London Docks, &c. Bill.

332 24 0 Februarii.1797.

Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of A!e and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act: And that Mn. William Dundas and Mr. Secretary Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are therunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors or Owners of, or Persons interested, or entitled to Right of Common in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable and Waite Land, within the Manor of Harrow, otherwise Sudbury, in the Pari 111 of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Open and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, dispersed, and fc-parated in lfnall Parcels, and are, in their present State, liable to frequent Trespasses, very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and the said Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands are, in their present State, of little Value to the Persons interested therein, or entitled to Right of Common thereon; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and allotted unto the several Proprietors thereof, and the said Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and Ipecific Parts or Shares thereof allotted in Severalty to the Persons interested, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, freed and discharged of and from all Right of Common, in, upon, and over, the fame, great Advantage would arise to the Parties interested and concerned, and also much Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Trustees, and Committee of the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, in its present Form, the Petitioners apprehend the Inhabitants of the said Parish will be more materially affected than any other Pari 111, within the same District, by the Regulation of the Rates and Taxes proposed to be levied under the Provisions of the said Bill; and that there are several other Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Interests of the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Interest of the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour oi the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Petition fresh the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Mary White- &V.agft'jTtn-chapel\ Saint John of Wapping, Saint Boto/ph without Poor Bill. Aldgate, Saint George, Saint Paul Shadwell, Christ Church,

Saint Luke (Old Street) Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, the Hamlets of Mile End old Tozai, Mile End new Town, and Ratcliff, in the Parish of Saint Duujlan Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend the same will be injurious to, and materially affect, the Rights, Interests, and Properties of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Hamlets, and tend very considerably to increase the Poors Rates, without being of Advantage to the really industrious or deserving Poor; and that the Petitioners conceive the Provisions contained in the said Bill are not calculated to effect the Purposes thereby intended, and will be the Means of defeating and rendering ineffectual many salutary Regulations now in Force within the said several Parishes and Hamlets, whereby the Poor are at present . maintained, employed, and regulated, with the greatest Attention to their Accommodation and Relief: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Couniel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over- Petition from seers, and other Trustees of the Poor, of the Parish of 1 Saint Mary Islington, in the County of AlidJlefex, and gjii. of the several Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Landb, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish, the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and Fifty of the principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, lor the Time being, are thereby appointed Trustees for carrying the same into Execution, and are empowered to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Management of the Workhouse, and of the Poor of the said Parish, as to them may appear necessary, and to cause all deserted Children, Beggars, and Vagrants, found wandering within the said Parish, to be apprehended and lent to the said Workhouse, there to be detained and employed as they shall think proper, and the general Conduct and Superintendence of the Poor within the said Parish, and the Collection and Application of the Poors Rates there, is thereby vested in the said Trul-tees; and that, in erecting the said Workhouse, and the neccftary Buildings belonging thereto, for the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, the said Trustees have expended upward of £.3,000, and since the passing of the said Act, the infirm Poor within the said Parish have been comfortably provided for, the Young carefully educated, and trained up in early Habits of Industry, the Healthy usefully engaged in making Jackets for Sailors, or otherwise beneficially employed according to their Abilities, and a considerable Check has been given to V agrancy and Vice, and the Petitioners have been in a gnat Mvalure relieved from the Burthen of the Parochial "Faxes, which have been considerably reduced, proportionably

to

37 Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 333

to the Number of poor provided for since the passing of the Distri<fts and Pari (lies in the County of of the said Act; which Advantages, the Petitioners (where there has been a considerable Decrease in rate-arc satisfied, have rcfulted from the excellent Syltem able Property) are foenormously disproportioned to the of Management introduced by the said Act, the requi- Valuation of rateable Property within many of the (ite Qualification as to Property having rendered the other Districts and Divifxons of the same County, that Board of Trustees respectable, and their particular thr Petitioners are induced to apply to the House to Constitution having combined the important Advan- be relieved from a Burthen so grievous and oppressive tages of collective Judgment, and practical Knowledge to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Liberties; and Experience in the Discharge of the Duties of their and that, in order to shew the Grounds of their Corn-Office; and that the Petitioners observe, with much plaint, the Petitioners beg Leave to state, that in the Concern, that a Bill is depending in the House for the Year 1704 the Whole of the County Kate, levied upon better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, whereby the County of amounted only to the Sum

the Petitioners apprehend that the Workhouse, erected of £. 400, which Rate, in the Year 1796, had increased by the said Trustees by virtue of the said Act of the to the enormous Sum of £.11,000; and, as new and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, additional Burthens are, from Time to Time, charged and the Employment of the Poor therein, and the upon the County Rates, the same is now bepome an general Management and Superintendence of the Poor intolerable Grievance, and a very heavy Charge upon within the said Parish, which in and by the said Act is the Poors Rate of the said several Parishes and Districts: vested in the said Trustees, will be so materially altered, And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to and subjected to such Regulations and Controul, as will bring in a Bill for making an equal County Rate, in annihilate and destroy that Constitution and System, proportion and according to a fair Valuation of the rate-for the Maintenance, Governance, and Employment able Property in each Parish and District within the of the Poor, within the said Parish, from whence so County of Middlesex, or that the Petitioners may have much Good hath been derived; and the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pal's into a seem meet.

Law, it will be extremely injurious to, and materially Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the

aft'edl, the Rights, Interests, and Properties, of the said Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

Parish, and of the Petitioners, and will all'o tend con- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

lidcrably to increase the Poors Rates, without being of shall appear to them, to the House:

any Advantage whatever to the real deserving Poor And it is referred to Mr. Mr. John Pitt,

within the said Parish; and that the Petitioners con- &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

ceive, that the propol'ed Alteration of the Poor Laws Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

ought not to be extended to the said Parish, governed have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

and regulated by its special Act of Parliament; and A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Petition from the Petitioners are satisfied, from their local Know- the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, Whitechapel,

ledge, that the Execution of the proposed Act will be Saint Luke Middlesex, Christchurch, Saint without lining the '4

attended with considerable Difficulties and certain in- Aldgate, Saint John Saint Paul Saint County Rate

created Expence, without producing any Benefits to Ann , the Hamlets of Ratcliff, Poplar, and for Middieitx.

the Poor in the said Parish: And therefore praying, Blackwall, and Mile End New Town, in the County of

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabi-

said Bill, and that the same may not pal's into a Law, tants of the said several Parishes and Hamlets, was also

or that a Clause, or Clauses, may be introduced therein, presented to the House, and read; Containing the

to exempt the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington, and same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding

the Workhouse there, from the Operation and Effect Petition.

thereof, and that the Petitioners may have such other That the said Petition be referred to the

Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. Consideration of the Committee to whom the last pre-And the said Petitions were severally ordered to ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine

lie upon the Table, until the Report from the the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it

Committee of the whole House, to whom the shall appear to them, to the House, said Bill was committed, be taken into further

Consideration. A Petition of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, on petition for

Behalf of himself and others, the Proprietors and Truf- ngulMing, e'ualfz the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of tees for rebuilding the Theatre Royal Drury Lane, was Swuity ate c e P°or Parishes and Liberties of Saint Giles in presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Theatre.

for Middlesex. the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, the several Pa- a new Theatre has been lately erected in the Place of the

riflies of Saint James Westminster, Saint Martin in the former Theatre, with appropriate Buildings surrounding Fields, Saint Margaret and Saint John Westminster, Saint the fame, on a Scale of great Extent and Expence, and Paid Covent Garden, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le a new Street on the South Side of the said Theatre is Strand, Saint Andrew Ho/hornabove the Bars, Saint intended to be opened at the Expence of the said Pro-George the Martyr, the Liberty of The Rolls, and the prietors, but the Accommodation and Safety of the Liberties of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, Public frequenting the said Theatre cannot be complete,

in the County of MiddleJ'ex,on Behalf of themselves unless further Powers be given to the said Proprietors and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Li- and Trustees rel'pedling the Regulation of Carriages, the berries, was presented to the House, and read; Setting opening and covering of Avenues and Approaches, and forth. That the said Parishes and Liberties have long the purchasing of Houses, than, as it is apprehended, laboured under very heavy and burthenl'ome Expences, can now be by Law exercised: And therefore praying, on Account of the Inequality by which the County That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Rates for A Tuldlesexare affeiled and levied upon the Purposes aforesaid.

different Parishes, Liberties, and Places, within the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said County; and that the Proportions of County Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex -Rates, said upon the several Districts and Diviftons of mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall each County, were fixed and established according to appear to them, to the House 1

the Quotas which the several Counties raised for the And it is referred to Mr. varing, Mr. John Pitt,

Land Tax so far back as the Year 1.739, since which &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Time, from the Increase of Houses and Buildings Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have round the Metropolis, such Quotas, raised within many Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 52. 4Q A Bill

v

Runquift's Nat. Bill, committed.

Dartmore Inclosure Petition.

Plymouth pock Chapel Bill, presented.

Bill to restate the Trial of Causes, &c. reported, and re-committed.

Wyke Regis Indoiiuc Bill, committed.

Skiphndge and Borough-bridge Roads Blll,° committed.

334 24° Februarii. 1797.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquif, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. John Pi: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Customary Tenants of the Manor of Lid/ord, and others, having Rights of Common, or

other Rights, within the Forest of Dartmorein the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That his Royal Highnei's the Prince of Wales is foiled to himself, his Heirs, and Successors, as Parcel of the Poflessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, of the Manor of Lidford, in the County of Devon, compiling within the same a certain Dii-

trict or Waste, called The Forty of Dartmore, subjeift nevertheless to such Right of Common, and other Rights, within and upon the said Forest, as the Customary Tenants of the said Manor, and the Owners and Occupiers of divers Estates, called PLands, contiguous to, or bordering upon, the said Forest, are entitled unto; and that the said Waste, or Forest, in its present State, yields very little Profit or Advantage, either to his said Royal Highness, or to the said Customary Tenants, and others, in Comparison of what it might do, if the same was divided and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the Forest of Dartmore, within the Manor of Lidford, in the County of Devon, and for other Purpol'es therein to be mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Tyrusliittand Sir John do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Elford presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damcrcl,in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arile within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill; #

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wyke Regis, in the County of Dorset,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker

Steward, Mr. John Pitt, he. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the *

Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Borov.ghbridge,in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberfcrce, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Powys be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster,upon Wednesdc.y, the 8th Day of March next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that the Lord Hawkejburyand Mr. John Smyth do acquaint him therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepxs and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Adcs of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fecorid Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of SuJJe l'o far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, at the North End of FarnhurJlLane, through to the

City of Chichester, and from aforesaid to

Delkey, ail in the said County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe Mohunand Cut combe Rawleigh, in

the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of the there-under-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Hony-

wood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members toferVe in Parliament for the said County, complaining ol an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 4th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, Thata Committee beappointed to investigate the Causes and the Extent of the Lelies sustained by British Merchants, in consequence of their Exertions to supply the Country with Foreign Grain, alter the Government had desisted from making Purchases on their own Account.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Stanley, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The

House resolvcs to adjourn to Monday.

Dr. Powys to preach oil the Fail Day.

The Lords have agreed t#

Chichdler Reads Bill.

Exton and Cutcombe Inclosure Bill.

Kent Election Petition, deferred.

Committee on Loifes fuitained in suppiy-ing the Coun-. try with Foreign Grain.

oogre

Bill to amend Act for Prevention of defective AVek'lits, See. ordered.

Committee on Quakers Relief Bill.

Committee on Bill to enable the East India Company to incrcale their Capital Stock.

Lihotton' Nac. Bill, committed.

37 Geo. III. 240 Februarii.

335

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention " of the Use of defeltive Weights, and of false and " unequal Balances," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Powys, Sir JohnMordamt, and Mr. Shaw Lefevre, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tithes; and for making their lblemn Allirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act that the solemn AlTirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers " shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual " Form," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; *

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Me. for the Yeas, j} 33-

Te,.er»for,heN<,{" '.neraI; J 33-

And the Numbers being equal, Mr. Speaker said. That he would not, by his Vote, prevent the House from then resolving itself. into a Committee, pursuant to their Order, for the Purpose of again considering the Bill in question, and therefore he declared himself with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the AtTirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions now existing, re (peeling the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkeflntrytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hawkejlury reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton, was read a Second Time.

VoIm 52.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Boyd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from West unto and through the Town of The Devizes, to the House known by the Name of The Green Alan, in Seend, in the County of Wilts, and from Rotvde Ford, through The Devizes Market Place, to join the B Turnpike Road near Wanfdyke, and from the East End of Devizes aforesaid to the: Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Devizes Raids Bilk presented.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the llerga-of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make a Navigable Canal, from the River Trbelow an ancient Ferry, called Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, in the County of Chester, which, by virtue of the said Alt, and another All passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, they have some Time lince completed; and that, by another All passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were also empowered to make another Navigable Canal, from the said first-mentioned Canal, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to ,which they have likewise completed; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears, that a Navigable Canal may be made, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at Froghall aforesaid, to or near Vttoxeter, in the said County of Stafford; and that another Navigable Canal may be made from, and out of, the said Canal, at Shelton, to or near Cobridge, in the said County, and another Navigable Canal, from and out of the said Trent and Mersey Canal, at Longport, to a Place called Dale Hall, in Burftem, in the said County; and also another Navigable Canal, from and out of the said Trent and Mersey Canal, at a Place called Sideway House, near Stoke upon Trent, to or near Lane End, in the said County of Stafford, which said last mentioned Canals will facilitate the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize, and be of Public Utility; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make, complete, and maintain the said several Canals, or Branches of Canal: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said several Canals, or Branches of Canal, on such Terms and Conditions, and with such Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Egerton, Mr.

John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Principal and Scholars of petition from

Hall and College of Brazen Nose, in the University of Bnuen Note Oxford, Patrons of the Rellory of Dunstan Step- ar imfLon-ney, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Reverend den Docks, Thomas Breithweitt, Dollor in Divinity, Rellor of the Parish of Stepney aforesaid, was presented to tire House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater

Accommodation

336 24° Februa A. 1797.

Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its prefejit Form, the Petitioners apprehend they will be very much injured in their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Rill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Rill, against the said Petition,

Kerry incio- A Petition of the Right honourable George Fdiyard lure Petition. Henry Arthur Earl of Lord of the Manor of

Kerry, in the County of Montgomery, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Te? nements within the said Manor, on Rehalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read , Setting forth. That thtre are, within the said

Manor, several Open Common and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for effectuating the said several Purposes, in Rich Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Francis Lloyd and Sir Robert Williams Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickins, from Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, of National0" at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the ®ebt> Pre-Directions of an Act of Parliament, fente4.

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth viz.

The

3]SoO )

Aq pezjjBia

V

O

Vn

sO

4 *

3

3

e

<5

O

ft)

3

a-

NO

Ov

o

O

3

is

U1

't

0

1

3

.3

O

3

2

r

3

3

9

E-‘

cw

o

3

o

o

3

o

f-J

c?

K

0

fc»

1

or

Ln S/i Os ‘4 M

Os CO VJ W VI

OO 'bs 0 VI b

O 4 13 00 un 13 O 'g

1

sO VI 4n O *

Os (3 4 VI 1

13

«-r\

O

tn

o

»3

NO

bo

o

VO

13

Ui

O

o

o

o

I o (

o

t>

5>

A S

-k.

WU)(JPPn mwwh T- to()|jMMMWMH

vp CC/ r O' t3 ~ OOui+> u J3 OC'VJ C"-n M 04 N CJD'vj Osur\ >- O 004 uJ) m 0>-r» s vO OO -/ O |o vO Cr» 4 . o *

o tiODCeoocoeBceo ce'oe»e©eeot»eyooti eBBaoosBOBBO?

©oo- «‘-w©<,0oo«ooq ©ooooOOoucOou© © OOWCCOJOOOO

cr

o

3

0°

3"

I 111 I I II I I II 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Il£b£I I I IIi I I I I i I

nt» O O

QUO

I I £ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I SSS I I I I | I I I

Pike.

o

I I I

I I HI I I I I I I I I I I I I I (I I I I I I I

o-i O On O vj 4- -

N W

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

W o-\ 1

-c I I

O

Q-

o

I I I l-o 111 -j I I I 5 i % 111 at I I I li;i firsi I m I I I I I I I I I

o o o o o o

o o o o o o

o o o o o o

I I I I I I ? I I I £ I I I« I

o 1

so i

OS

CO

l|\£l I I I £1 &SSSSI I I I I I I I I I I I I |-

H" 4-| -Cr-oiir e v,

price.

1111

4 O Os 13 b K> 13 J3 4 4s 13 b

1 1 1 if 1 11 ° M 1 ® 1 v'vl I NT ' 0

1 0 l 1 13 11

1 1 1 1 Os 11

~ J- O-t J-I 4 . 04

O O { O - u I »3 P o> O nO

I |W I - 0-0 , 1/ J | I I I I II

ls\ Ui I M

I LIII I

u *

x»

6

2s

I II I I I I I isMISI I I III I I IS I I I I I Ii I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

o

o

I I I I I I II I I £ I I I £ I I I I I II MS III I I II II I || M M M I M I

Price.

M I I I I I I I'M I M I II I I I I I I M I I I II I,) 1 I | | |

cn

c

a

>y

«s

D

I I I I I I o so 4 -fr P :? b c>v» o p 00000 I I I I I I I

o vbo k n u) o o <J» coo> k > b o sa b vi o w nuon -

- OOOO

OOP oooopoooo

OOOO

OOOOoOOOO

n

OS

JS

1-

OsasOsOsOOsOsOCs OSCSOSOSOOSOSOSOOSCSCSOOSC v' oo C"0 soo-so so >o so vO oooocoooocooooaoooocot

(B| - N|h.06j -OBi --OOj tWlMUIKOOI OtjM 00,- N|M

I I I I I I I e N»)SN H|Hf|M«{«g6i-a(i. (N

s ON

ivr

I I I I I I I I I I I I I

Price.

Os

w

vO

N

Os

I I I I I I I

COpsOsj3vpJ-» VO H M vfl H J»j- O ~ O Css-r,

SsO si c s, CSO C, b O bob b b b b b b b Cs cob 4 *

<5 W M H N IJ OS'' / Ur-» M VM M M VAI 00-O VJ CO

* 00 ° OS4- COO K> I I I I I I I I I I I I I

CO ~ 4 4 4 vj O O 0SA.-V4 ( Oswr, I I I I ] I j j j

0 W I O I w I O w lusns/sn lol |j\Ool

1 osll 1 csf f os 1 of osl M 1 1 I 1 I f )

o

o

3 W m.

i4 4- 0 00 4 O w w

n/a O O O

o o o o

00 13

o 8

o o

I I y i4 I I I I I I I I I I J j ^ y v m

OsOvO

OOP

POO

04 Osn

o o o o

o o o o

ps ps o as

ui-> 4 /iwi W-i

4n

O

O

Os ps

4S<

Cs Os Os Os Os Os

NlHVV- M

Os CS V i CC CO CO

I I I " II I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

s-r Cn r\ 4 . 4 0 0 0 0 no O O O rs

O' Os Cs OO CO 00 00 CO 1 -

Os N| -

oo

VI s.| NT M 4 4 Wui

o o o o

poop

N/-i s i v_r\ 4 —

O O O o POOP

Cs Os CS Os CO 03 OO Oi -l~4 o«i> *

Cs O O' O' CO CO X ' I

Price.

4 ui o j- v-r j- - p

Cs _o Osb CObOsn

«-vf CC4- -A v, X. 00

O O - vj Os P o OCcm

I I

HK ii 11111 j 1111

11

:IUI

I I I I

v-n sOOsOO>TsOnPosOvOsPvOCO

++ \J-14 oc (j CN - O o sri O -

0 »3 SM VI O o -40

p vOsnOWSnO Ovl I N v| i

1 Os 1 t oil I O I I C O' |

s

0

n

c-

OJ -4- CO j» CO 00 OC ') -vj ' 1 COJG t 1

1 b UJ — O 0 VO C \C O 4 u» v, wl UK. Kj> rv "k 7 Tv T

4>- O 3v» — O 0 VO sC vO O f Ni vi w OOOO r) OOOO O O O O 0 0 0 3 0 OOOOGOOOO

Vn V»> Kl v -» 4 ws s in r\ Kn of Cn O r %

OOOO O

00 OOPOOOO

UH/I wi 4 4 iX vW K

4 00000 OOOO

>> O O o O O - O o o Poo

ca - n

I CO

I *

y, M M H W H — —

N V! o o o i O V o o o C so Co o (b vb

-4 m ►. coco 00 o r o si w vjy,

SO 0 Cs O Os -»\ Q 00 n CO Cs cr > u sn 4 CO

vO C SO so C O vO O ‘C O O N) so u 4 -n cccCoCOCCsOs Cv j v, vc v r fc3 CD js-t- 4 4 - M Ln O Vw ui 4 CO CS xi

V I I VI

sC I Os

| snen I 0 O O N n Osn

| I I I Cs I I I Cs Os I Cs Cs Os I Os I Os I I I I |

VOsOOnc-NOsPsOOsOsOvOsO

'4 O' O' - o 0 1 O

Wj sjui {3 (J N Q O ->4 *

-/! m Sn VI »0 Sn O (3 O O SI VI v| Syi

I I CS O I j Os I I I as OSCN I

n

n

C

P

O

o

o

d

H

o

O

o

3

3

G

r>

3

-i

W

n>

G-

C

o *

p

3

p

rr

o *

s

a

O'

cr

G

P

D

g-

3 *

O i

o

04

it

VO

vT

7uvtutjdj 0 Z

'III oho A£

nth Year.

338

240 Februarii.

A.

797'

u

rS

U

I I I I I I I

fs, o cr» o I 1 0

lii-. ~ ~ 1

vn '/I O vz-m-t. o M CO f vC # O

ff O vO -h cl (s o «-n v_r oo O t#-

h, H. 1 'i 1 °. 1 " t ~

n n f< \ W! IT! rr, n rr, fO (T| K1 rl rwm

I I

| I I 2 I

' ,0,0,-11 1110 , ||'°|'°|'‘ .

MOO ONCn vAts.J wsfjvr, 0 O £ ''' I " 2 2 |

- -> lAKirQ wo Is cl i-v -, j s r % i

— N rl o~ O mn O f-« cl r> C" -r> %

JC O ON ✓'v { O ► Cl V- CO <N m rh tn

m m m N N ri — — q O O q q "l- "Z f 01 W -< c l

tn r , f<N m »< . f i m r<~) or-,

-h m moo 0 vnuco 'rf-OO O vO O O r

VO r> rr\\C CO OO f<"t {j M CO C OO c)

m «<; m m m m - — — »-

v *

0

b

tV.

o = 1/5

0-

m

6

OOOO .1)000000000000 O O O ~ <n -+ x vO \Q d uri

o' 6 6 <S o 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 o'

ONdcldOdNdciMWdfl

o o o

O o o

>C VO sc 6 o o cl cl

oooo

oooo-oo-toooo

Tftrtmt 'j-rrMO O O' 0s

-T ~ -T - ~ ~ J J T o o o

d«t)Ot)AtidOdnd

OOOO OOOO

oooocoooo

C OO -r w O «<") Q U O id O

O o H H ci d d N d c( rt n ef" dNddc(dc<d«dciMci?MdN

I I I lT° I I I I

| o NO

I 111

vr» vn xyv O

£ VT ?i £ O' I i <",<£

rC

' f V_» 1

I'- c» o O

oo C 1 vO O' °

j - , VO 1 0 ,

O O -n N vo

nco O rv o co 0 0 0

CM r>. CTO xy~. cl — CO Cl CO cl

r -> cl — h O O -

O CO m m O O M M O

-- — — M M M M MM

|° I

O

M CO o M C"0 rn cs CO

I I 1 I I 2 1 I' 1

o

el

o I

Cv I 1-

I 2 |

co <voc M

3 3UJ

r«K -1»

o

00O00°0000

o g g 2 2 U 2 t c'S-. 2S2S8SSS22I

cl

t M|« 0

Hrl rbo»> <-‘W|)'!MC'hcf (ao«nir> <|r4 JeJ «rjay f|4-)a0 k)co f J |

i - H1-.M-CIM, r) N cl Cl

V.: v2 vQ xQ O vC VQ vQ VC VQ VD O VC O VC '

goooo '

O g 5 O o o - O o £ g §, §; % -

i n 111 ii 11511;

cl M Cl

VO O O

o o o

o o o

o

VO

UJ I

53 3 88

6d$I I I I I I

Cl Cl *

O

o

v-o

1 1 I '"

o o o

vO vy' o

oooo

o o o

O OO rCoo 6

11° i i r i I 2 2 I I I

I« I I I I I

I 2 2 I *

. . a f I I f I vr % M «>"i Is O

} I I I ( I I I I I I o O' -O

* -, o — cl ' 'c c t - rA n fn r \ O

cr> O d m o

CsO + O d O

' r , cl

M vC

V>

T£i 111 1111 11 I 111 I

\C'0,i vCOOvC'OvO u xrirC'CvO

- '' ‘ onooOOOO

3MM

r.

u

11 11

11

I I c<x cl + + 1 oOvC'O

o

| I I I I II I S 2

o O o O O o

o ° o o V» o

vC d o o CO.

6 urs O'

0028noSoooo8ooooS

o00 0 00 0 V'rliLXnNOO‘-c\

OOOOuu ^ -

o C'- 1 O O ~nO MfsO O O O'-o

I I I I I I I I I I II I I I I t" 3 3 ?s"s 5 3' ? 3 3 2

o

c

11111111111111

I "l 11111111 ....

I I I 11 I I I M II I I I M I

33n<J

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I IJ I I I

111 $111111111111

1111111II11111

I 1 I I I I I I I I I oS

1 f )

I i. f M I I I I I M t f f I II I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

13ri i I I I I H M

Mii { i i i i i ii I i i 11 IJ_LL

1-111111111

Mill l I 1111 I I l I I I I i l

1 11 1

2 1 1 ~ 1 2

I t/'.zo 1 1 vC

CN o o try

eo cO Cl

J

jgoooo

Aq p02!i!6|a

6i£

w b b b b b

0 0 0 0 &> 0 0

1 V- M 3 1

M St NJ sj 0 0

vO vp VO vO 3 3

OS (A 4 V» v» z

1 < -i Cfc <

1 1 ? Oo 0

1 1 1 s?

I 1 1 > 3 3 & 1

4 1 1 1 1 , M N I

51

c.

o

3

o

o

3

O

vO

O

tJ

3

a.

nO

o

3

3

C

u

o

3

0 VI 4v v» fc-

VI 0 A 00 VJ VA V>4 CJ

w - O b b sb to b

On OO O to CO ON 1 to

U\ CO >o NO , Cn V«rv 'si O

1 00 V| 1 1

1 sO 0 0 1 1 1 -V4

P

Cn

0

O

8

o

i cr *

PPPmM . ' l»ptOPP~« »«i- O0VPPPP~m~»m«">

sj h p O 4 W JJ h «sj Os-n 4 O pO j O 0 -n + w VQ 00 4 On -0 CNsn v s© 00 1 O ►- O VO ui v>i p

cc

CD

S

beeoouoyowoo bbbbbbbbbbbuub ObbBttbbbbbbtitiuoS *

00000000000 «oo«oooo©o o#woooocoooocr_

C

CTC

I I I I 1 I I b I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ? I I I I I I I I I b I

o o o

o

"On *

I j I I I I I I l«SI I I I I I I I I I I f I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I ! U°-1

P

o

O

I ii 1111=1111 11111 i11 iii111 1111 -1111 r f111 i

VA Un

I I I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I b£ I I I I I I I I li I 'Zl I I I bob I I

o o o o O o O

" ~ O O " ‘ "

cn O O

boo O o o O o o

V/» VA

111111111 it i i m 111is i1111 iii msi 111 11

o 00

CO 4 —

111111111111 iiiiiii: iiiii 1111

I 11

» m CO n

4-o vb vb o

M CN . v-»l U

CO oo j CN O n,.

I I

I I

I I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I M I I I I l£I I 111 I I M I I I I I I I I I II I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

oo

4

111111111111 11111 r 11 ? 11111 1111111111 i 11111

P —

4- vp

oo b

o c

- - P to

CnsO Cn«/> O cn

P P P

A 'Jl CN

P P

Cv«/\

- K» o o ocoooo o O O cn o O O C O O O

oooouoo

C Cn C'V i OCnOn jw OvC>OvOCCA „

O b c co coboo Ovj o /.» £ Q

oocouuuooooco o p p o uoooocoooo oooo

I 00 1 v

I %

OOOO Cn

o o o o o

o o o o o

co a

o o

O O

K>

- VA Wl VO

OOOOW

oooo

oooo

i O O' -n cn wi vn v/i a v/i

J O O O nO CO Oj OO X CD ' »

NO ot|u |kju, H|M

r «N

/i v/i vry\ w ji . vo vn va in cn n Cn

00-' ‘4 CC Cn CNn Cn Cn On O' Cn >j a v/> u\ OO OT

-oqsi:q -oq vj +»»-ciaN); «« !.,» friqw

N>I Cn -n x.' i Cn ct l CC u' oo|~n]h

« J CN NJ p\< . 4\~

va on a a sO jO 0 O <©

V) - A« > I 1 N4 'XJ N

vn iyi

o o

s-Tl >.r) wT\

>C vC NC no

.< |m(l> >4

V>J w vO -U V\ A A > l +.

4 004 O 4 V>J >T- - ' o

VA OC>>v O cc o 0 0 0'

to CC N to 0 Cn 00-r» us Q

w vn Vi va

? c b o c b Ci w o c o

CCV I tj >/i o O' vO K ' 1 -<

O O 4 Vm u> C 4 *

- Nl

»0 -4 CN'-'O

VA M O VA LM >A O V\ A Vt

tnv\ CM l>w I I O Wj I I

I I I 9 I I I I I O' I I I I O I I I I I I I O I I

Nn v/j iri ia

o o: n - o »3 to

CO Os to to

S I 5 I 1111

O SO CO O OnvC no - o *

-4 - bio b 4b 4. Z o

' C i M CO -/1 O Tl

o\V« CCCOoo j - 00 J

I I I v-r, I Ut o I O

II 11111111 I

'il

4 *

o

Price.

Price.

P.ice.

Price.

~ >- to

CO O O O to c *

0 O O cn 0 0

(.) O O co C O

Cr» v-n vs VnVAA

On 00 00 1 s;

<4- 00 H|»»oat M

CD

v»

O

I I I I t;v

0 40

Cn On Cn O

v J V v >

00j-l«(w rq,

C vp

b o

o o o

O O.

On On On

OOP

Mill

Price.

50 a

vO >-< V4 cv *

Ckl - V>» A cn pw O' Os 4- cn tr

CD to ' 1 " -n CO — 4 -V 4 bo O G v-/t 4 . a 0

CO 1 OOv>4 O' ON I I r r I I I I 1 1 I I I 1 1 1 1 V| I 1 1 1 a 4- v-/. XV O p 1 1 1 {V

4 0 1 CS4 VA sj 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 \ I 1 00 1 1 1 I p 4». On P 0 P 1 1 1 1 1 -a -

* 1 ~ 1 1 ►. ir.

vj 0 0 s-n P 1 to N O 4 1 O 1 cn O

to ON _L i 1 1 ON O ON l ‘I 1 J

b CD to to to P to to to to P p p to P P to K) p P p P p to p p to P to p to P P to P P to P P P P P P P CA n

cn 4- A cn 1 UV O'A Cl VA1 VAi On O' ON CN s CN Cs CN. O' On On Cs O' CD J vj '-J CNvAv 4- Cn x 1 A 1 v-» i <-n A Cn j 1 v/i 4. c o O n zr. -r _

'to CC COO — cw to V>0 CO CD OCNG b b O O nC cn CO CC 00 QQ i- Cnsj O Crt P p O s) A W tO b O On oo 0 00 co b Ck> J *

A c 0 0 CON 0 O O D O O O O O c- O c- >- O 0 0 0 0 A c v'V 0 0 v O O 0 O O O '"1 O O O 0

vy» 0 0 0 0 cn n 0 0 0 0 O O O O c 0 0 0 0 0 ° 0 0 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0OOO 0 O O O 000 0 0

4kA4.4kV/1 vn iv/v.t»

bt V. b be b to b vb o — b. sb

VJ O ‘.0 4-p. C'v to to o ~o

I- CC -A» coo CN-0 NO or VI O' O

to 4 Lr» 0 '-r tJ I

On 00 I Cn I I CN I

U t 4. x. v a'-nWi 4 va va Vi vn U v>i v

O cn

V/l U1 VA VA VWl Vl VA VA VI Wl Vl 4l O)

CNcboboopbob-to o o - "

JI ts» WN SO 0,-C "NJ ON'vJ Uk» f to O to

O — 4- V4 p. swvOf On cc On to

to

W 0-0 O 4 4- ' >0

U Vt 'Jj w VA Cs OsO to 1 4

f C s-l — O o o SOI

M

I I

) VAN} QV/lVA 0 O VA W VA S| O I C f VA Si A 0 NA O I O I ( O

| Csl I I I I I I CJ ON. I I I I I Cl I I I I I I I

n

7'iwruqzj

3

n

3

rt

3

s»>

<v

-1

n

o

3

p

o

III OHO

340

240 Februarii.

A.

l191-

o

4

n

o

I111111IIIII *

I I 0 | ,«

O - - 2 2

'cll'°lll'°llllll

fl w o NU O NO | o

I I II I I I I I I I'00"

j ia O O ' j tv C"C

O O vC rl M co o r) C O N O - 't

«/ S' ~J0 sD -CO yJ to d «N x —

Tf- 't- t - <S CO co -> — cl M M 'O -t l>-

0'C>d'?NC'CsC'ff'0\C'C'C'C' —

SS8.88U|1

o o o o o o o

O O o o O o O

8 1 88SSRil|B8

PS2888888888S - oo Tt- o o o. CO o o

... n N 01 V7 V» ~

rfKOfOMWwmwfwtnwwww «Mncntnmwi«n( fOMK)to wtn

O O O _ cc oo - q

Un tv to «/-i

tn m tn «0 W M cn

0

o o

O'

co co co 0 co co

I I I I I II I I I I I I I I I

| to o N

S.§ l I I I I I I I I I O

° voo j ----- >2 j 2 |

p, F,„rtOwc<‘/>

,r l vrclCO d 1- O O' xt % S 111 ? 2°~

«?> C>(>0'C>0'C'00'C' 0 0

I I I too CO O O M H

|( I it CO CO

rh -£

O' O' dv

s|8B

Cj

CO

>!Jd

I I I 1 I

io to, — J- to O 'O

to vo tn to io to, —

8" cTo~o o o

o o o 0 0

O oO O.O, , . , I a

C N jo" vn O J j I I I I

Ci w

I i

hH r-(o5 -»!fC ( |

1 S <- '"O -C VO VC> r> J o so^ .

to to to «o to, to ‘O to IO to IO, to__, ___

111111II

oooo § g O

£S, S-8 8SSS§88 S <§«><,

I o tPico4: +- S'

I rOcoCOtOCOCOCOCOC )C4 COM

vo »o to

CO CO CO

111 III IIII

r>

»o

O

fc

ct.

a

o

O

e

3

V)

I I I I I I I I I I I I

d O O to to J O j J JO

e n

104 I 00

11

O to

O |

I I M I

to O j

C C 'O

I -

1 0 o l/N

— M toy

rf 0 d O O r ei v

toco O' fsvO Nrt - rt

C'-tOO < VO 'f »0 4 N W N N — to to to 0 0 0'rnO'C>C>C'0>C

— Ml

cl q 6s to

Hill nil III III II IfiSIfl?

OvC'd'O'O'O'G'C'OvC'©'

o ~ co

cl cl to

cl to-hOO

S3tld

<0 "1 *

"4 nfn

rv|»c> tc m|H"<In o)90»«V»-'L4 NjfjHffjMW )no

\C VO lovO Nn 'VOO'O'OO'O'O to O IO to to '-Cl to to, to to to to to to

r.i ..... iii

Vyjoot'.JflB

C- 0-ltH

co co -r to to to

->!r "tH C'foo 4- «+ r to to to

to to to os wo to to to1 o

o o

O LO O VO

oooo

OOOO ro O o q v© ? O O O On 2 , f I I 1 I I f I I I I

of l-C o OcT C>romrf - TfT»- 4- "tf-vo I I I I I I I I I I I I I

d d ►- " d co N co co co co co co ro co d 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

I I I

o o o o o o

O OVO vcf vd v

rO cO cO

o o o

o o o

<4- o

to to to.

co co co

o o o o o o O o cl o

o CO O O to — }" 0 I Os lot co co to co co

CO oo 1 VO to

00 O' d O' O

' C r"

CO O' to +

1 ' vO C Cl

CO l

d — co' vC O'

o CO — s t/> <"0

cc V© o VO VO

O to, to o to vo O' O

03 fl CO vq

CO ri cT o

CO CC O' <-1 c>

-r q U' CO CO

— -

O' cl CO ~ cv

rO r . to o +

— *

M- -h vO O' rr

Cv ►H Xn. cc K

O OO O' VO t

O' -T vO o rT

ro O' CC CO O

CO CO d J'

1 1 1 1 1

mO ' o u tr, o

4 to O O v> to

t» I'h q vq

rC -41 cP «-« vo

o vo d O

vO — vO rT Xs

- .

CO CO o d co vO VO Xs VO Ov

- m -

N d to O' to

‘O to o '-r vO

O — - vo CO

O' cC to cT cxT

I o O n o

'f to N d

1 1 1 1 1

o o O c 1 i o

«o vo to r>

o Os 1

oo to j o'

vo o rO d O'

CO CO co ! co

fS

VO

JTn,

c

a

I||I I I I I I I I I I I I l« I III I I I I I I I I I I M I I II I I I I I I

co O o -t-

co 00

sQ O 1

o

O' -4 fl

cl -> to

CO CO 00

d vo ro

c!

c

c

3 (/) rt"

~1777m i i 111 nun LLillLLiiiiL! LJJJ-l 1 a

'rt ‘a. 1 1 i I I 1 i I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 o o o o to to lr 1; 4 a CO J VO 1 0 q d ti O' CO d to to vO 1

o -o ' n Cv S 9 (O — " — I 11111111 III 111 IrIi.mii nil Ml 111 n 1111111 is _; — ' rf 1 1 O to f' o o vq yo K C t V -41 -4-d 1 1 1 1 1

3DIJJ

| | | { I I I UI I I II I il II I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I "1 I I I I I II I I I I I I I I I M I I I i I I I

O o o c J CO c o co o to CO

co tC C d

-t- to o

0

c

'tJ

O

6

to

>Ud

—— , J 1 1 1 1 I I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 !£! r 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 CO cl to CO I 1 ° c vo x . CO ►H O' d oo ''co 'T a o cc O co O i- oo"

i M il M 11 ii 111 111 ii 111 m 11 is 1111J 11!1 1! — Li — 1 o

Minim 111111111 n i |i! nin ini in n o u n - o c o , !7o to vd u to gcT o' to co — vo to O' I"

AZ bJO p $b&&&M&l>nZZaa ab&&a&&aaMteaa a acca&aiisi o ♦J in — — — —: "' . .» JL A JL 4 <r, 6 d Ofs 6 -rt-O >''1

d d d el cl

A

tS

n

o

1 1 00 1 1 1 O' N ri)H o «-»)h Ov

1 I to O' 1 1 1 1 . M o M CO l-«

o o O o o o d Xs o q O vo O d O O vo Ml o Tl- tO Th VO CO O' co q

o co d o o CO CO Xs o' H d to cT M xC VO Ti" o' xC o -»

CO CO 1 vO to

CO O' I — d O' O

CO O' X-M vo O H" O -4- cl

oq c? to q co" cq vO t/ rO

ro oo rsO VO vO co q d

fc

t-

f«

r

t:

rs

o'

ci

C

o

-o

3

c

c

o

O'

o

c

CJ

ON

o

o

H

2- o c f x % i t

c <2 < I S IS i 1 i *

V a R c3 Co o co 13 fl c <2 i t i

t» K. Tf 5 s to O' + vo o V© O'

c o 3 "> fl 0 1 a o tn c o fs, M4 c 3 v~ l-S M 1 N 1 x» M v % 5 O

s 1 1 B P 1 P

H p & > 0- o p rN r°

p p

-L

1 v

H ,«

2 .! t 7

<; H i I V

i r/,1

t. >5, i r-> 4 1 o ij f>i2,;o. j

1-2 , '> «7 °| .1=1.0:. «T/

I 3 >70 3 3 j <

-I~ t";/-

f, K J <0 > I ——

w < /

g

cq‘

i — H

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

C

CD

8

ST

L/i

N>

ITl

c

'n

SALARIES: J2L £

Secretary 5°°

Agent - - 3°°

Broker..... 4°o

Clerk ——

Messenger - - - - -| 5a

E XPIRED TERMS:

Expired Terms - - - 79,880

UNCLAIMED AND EXPIRED ANNUITIES:

Unclaimed and Expired Annuities '..... 38,480 1

A

ACCRUING INTEREST:

Accruing Interest - -- - 680,867

Henry Addington, W» Pitt.

T. Walker.

D. Giles.

Thomas Raikes.

37 Geo. III. 240

343

24° Februarii.

A.

1797-

I ij

Mr.

ning's Petition rdpecting a Note drawn upon an improper Stamp.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, tu be penjffci by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Edward Manning, Esquire, was pretended to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Holder of a Joint and Several Pro-miifory Note for £. 2,500, indorted to him for a valuable Conti deration; and that the said Note was, by Mif-take, drawn upon a Paper damped with an Agreement,

taining of which, the Petitioners have embarked very considerable Fortunes, and employed the Labour and Industry of their Lives; and their laid Wharfs have been established and sanctioned by the Approbation of the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; and that the Wharfs, Warehouses, arid Premises belonging to the Petitioners, have been erected in such Number, Succession, and Extent, as the Increase of Commerce, from Time to Time, required, and the

or Six Shilling Stamp; and that the Drawers of the same are well calculated for landing, flapping, and hous-

L A a . i L _ J ~ 1 1. 13 i . 1 . 1 /v 1 n/'l 1 ai» O r S+ >1 f>-> nrio f n rtr f h a n rifn

ing Merchandize, for accommodating the Merchants, for securing and protecting the Public Revenue, and for discharging other Duties required from Legal Quay5 at the Port of London; and that a Bill for making Wet Docks, and other Works, in Whipping and Parts adjacent, is now depending in the House, which, if passed into a Law, will greatly injure, if not wholly annihilate, the Bulmefs carried on at the Petitioners laid Wharfs and Premises, and consequently render them of very inconsiderable Value, if some fixed and certain Pro-

laid Note refuse to pav the same to the Petitioner, and the Person in whole Favour the Note was drawn; and who indorsed it to the Petitioner, is in insolvent Circumstances; and that the Petitioner, as Indorsee of such Note, brought an Action thereon in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench against One of the Drawers, and the same came on to be tried at IVcjbainfler Ha!!, on the 14th Day of December 1796, before the Right honourable Lord Kenyon, when it was objected by the Defendant's Counsel that the said Note was drawn upon

an improper Stamp, and therefore ought not to be re- visions are not thereby, or otherwise, secured to the ceived in Evidence; and, the learned and noble Judge Petitioners; and the Petitioners apprehend, and doubt being of that Opinion, the Petitioner was non-suited not but they shall be able to prove, that the said Bill on that Ground: That the Petitioner cannot avail is, in other Relpefts, particularly injurious to them: himself of the said Note without the Aid of Parlia- And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, their tnent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of to bring in a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the House, or otherwise, and to oiler Clauses for Com-the Stamp Duties to order the said Note to be stamped penlation and Indemnity, or the Grant of Privileges with the proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty, similar to those which the intended Dock Company are or that the House will be pleated to give the Petitioner soliciting, and for such ether Relief as Parliament may such other Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem think the Petitioners entitled, to, and also to offer such meet. , Proofs and Arguments, in Opposition to the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the in its present Form, as they shall be advised.

Table. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other W orks, reSors oft he" trading to the East Indies, was presented to for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship-

recorSo ie jqou and reaJ Setting forth, That the Petitioners, ncr_ Cnm mprrp. nd I.Wennp. wit i n tin- Pnrf nf

on (he 18th Day of May laid, duly made a Bye Law, whereby " It was ordained (amongst other Things) that " thereafter no Owner or Part Owner of any Shi]), or u any Commander or other Person, Ihould, directly or

Petition to

East India Company to admin i iter certain Oaths.

ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

a indirectly, fell or take any Gratuity or Consideration, mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the " nor should any Person or Persons, buy, pay, or give, same 'Lime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said any Gratuity or Consideration for the Command of n

" any Ship or Ships, to be freighted to the Company,

" and, in case they should aft contrary thereto, they should be subject to Inch Payments and Disabilities " as therein are mentioned;" and that the Petitioners consider it necessary, and arc delirous, that the said Bye Law should be enforced by requiring the Managing Owner and the Commander of every Ship, to be freighted to the Petitioners, to take certain Oaths against such Practices; but the Petitioners cannot require or administer such Oaths without the Authority of Parliament: for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to within the said Parishes; that the said Undertaking bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners Court of Di- has been fully accomplished; and that the Petitioners rectors to administer Oaths, to certain Owners and have seen a Bill, now depending in Parliament, for the Commanders of Ships freighted to the Company, against better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, which, the Practice of buying and selling the Commands of if carried into a Law, will operate to the Diladvantage

Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, Petition from of the City of Worcester, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting a mfthe forth. That, in the Year 1792, an Act of Parliament wras obtained by the Eight Parishes of AH Saints, Saint Nicholas, Saint Clement, Saint Martin, Saint Szcithin, Saint Helen, Saint Andrew, and Saint Alban, Part within the City and Part within the County of Worcester, united.

such Ships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. David Scott, Sir Francis Baring, and Mr. Rob arts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from Owners, &c. of Sufferance Wharfs against London Docks, &c. Bill.

of the said united Parishes in particular, and to ttic Kingdom in general, by in creating the Poors Rates, already too heavy to be borne under the befl. Regulations, and by holding out an Encouragement to Idle nets instead of the Promotion of Industry: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pats into a A Petition of the there under-tigned Owners, LetTees, Law; but, if it should pat's, that the united Pa-and Occupiers of Sufferance Wharfs at the Port of rithes may be exempted from the Operation of the said London, within the Limits approved of by the Honour- BUI. able the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, was A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Potion to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish o jkL,u 1

the Petitioners are the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers Luke in the County of Middlesex, was alto pre- 0'

of certain Public Sufferance Wharfs on both Sides of tn Wmif and tm/I t TaLrino- N.Wire nf tho Ki;)-

the River Thames, and also of certain extensive, commodious, and substantial W'arehoutcs, belonging to, and used with, the said Wharfs, in the railing and main-

§ Parift).

fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That the Koval for the lielief of Invalid Soldiers being situate in the said

Ciddington Inclosure Petition *

Petition from certain Inhabitants of Covent Garden, relative to a Burial Ground.

37 Geo. III. 240 — 27'

Parish, necessarily occasions a great Number of Poor Women and Children, belonging to such Invalids, to resort to the said Parish, and become burthenibme thereto; and that many of those Poor Women and Children arc Foreigners, and have no Place of legal Settlement, being Widows and Orphans of Soldiers Who have died Abroad, and, having come to England under the lull AUurance of being relieved by Chelsea Hoi-pital, are become a very heavy Charge to the said Pari lb, which Expences have for many Years pad considerably increased; and the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Expence of relieving and supporting the said Women and Children will be lliii further increased: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, to explain the Manner in which they shall be affected by the said Bill, and that, if the said Bill lliould pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Luke Ch el feci, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall appear jull and reasonable *

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed with each other, and the fame, together with the other Commonable Lands and Grounds aforesaid, arc, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof let out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harcourt and Air. IVildmcni do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

'A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants, Householders in the Parishes of Covent Garden, &c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Inhabitants of Brydges Street, Marquis Court, Little Brydges Street, Ruffe I Court, in the Parishes ol Covent Garden and Saint J\ lari in in the Fields, beg Leave to reprelent the intolerable Nuisance of an open Burying Ground in the Centre of their Habitations, which, from the Multitude of Burials covered only with Earth, the Smallness of the Space, and the Cloie-ness of the Neighbourhood, cannot fail, if fullered to continue, speedily to produce Disease, and even Pefti-lence: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted, by Bill, ifnecellary, to provide lor the Removal of such Grievances.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mahmaring, Mr. Sheridan, VoL. 52.

1 Februariu .343

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; anti

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rt'solved. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received upon Rlonday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce> 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

SIR John Mgtdaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon Foil Gate, at Bridge-Fowny in the Parish of Old Stratford\ through Alder-rtiinster and Shipflon upon Stowery to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Air. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to wjiom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of G/ou~ ceftery into a Place called Berkeley Pilly in the Parish of Berkeley\ and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of G/ouceftery was read: And,

Robert Mylney Esquire, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Act; but it has been since found practicable that a Deviation may be made in the Line of the Canal, as described in the Plan annexed to the Petition, whereby the deep cutting in the several Parishes of Slimbridge, Frampton upon Severn, Fretherney Saul, IVheat~ enhurfty Moreton-Va!encey and Stamlift:y may be avoided. Advantages would accrue to the Land Owners, the Line of the Canal be shortened, the Navigation improved, a very considerable Expence to the said Company saved, and the Completion of the said Canal much expedited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

authorizing

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Old Stratford Road til), presented.

Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company's Petition, reported.

J

344

2 70 Februarii.

A. 1797.

authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the G/ou- Lane, Sutton Scotney, and in the

Wienholt's Nat. Bill, pa/fed.

County of to a Place called Lobcomb Corner,

in the County of Wilts,was read the Third Time.

That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, pa (led in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Wienholt, King the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of

ce/ier and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive: And that Mr. ‘John Pitt and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Libotton's Nat. Bill, reported.

Bagel mann's, Si tf kerfs, and Tatter's Nat. BilJ, committed.

was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Henry

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Mr. Benfield reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A(fl for naturalizing Jacob Bagel mam, John Siff ken, and George Lewis Chri/lianPatter, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Af- ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Basingstoke, through Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Dover, Dd, to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road :'nii

II- r . 1 , = „ 1 1 Roa'is Bhl,

leading from the lown and Port of through piviei.t.d.

the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place, in the Parish of ShoLleu,called Foulmead Field, and for making a new Road through Part the said Field, and Hack-huge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Portof And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

1 ReJ'ok-ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sotterley, Henllead, &c. JncIofureBiiJ, committed.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Chattam whom the Petition of the several Perl'ons, whole Names t.f Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- are thereunto subscribed, Trustees (amongst others) r " ' ‘ 1 ' appointed for putting in Execution the several Acts

herein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to 'Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Notices on the Doors of the Sessions Houses, and that the Notices, directed to be given in the Newspapers in the Months of !1 for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Augvjland September, or one of them, had been pub-;, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa- lished Twice in the Month of September, and the Third

Time on the 4th of October Lift; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

Bam in "ham

indoime Bill, ing jo Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, preicnte . jjie Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bamingham, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

Grounds.

riflies of Sotterley, Heujlead with and

tham, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. John Pitt, See:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ucyi'fivill, &c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing (he'Heaths, Fen incioiure Bill, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-coimnitred. rj(]ies Df Uggcshall, Frand South Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. John Pitt, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Edinburgh Two Pennies Scots Bill, preii tiled.

VIZ.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three several Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Sixteenth Year at the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Roche/} er, to Saint Dunflan s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at or near a Place called RIackenade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and S halm.ford Lane End\ in the Parish of Chi I ham, in the said County, were read: And,

Edwin Humphry Sandys, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable

Mr. William Dundas presented to the Ifoufe, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which

Biifrngstoke &o:uis Bill, jxilild.

Ale and Beer loid in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His pr-clent Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from , through

S

has been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, and that a considerable Debt now remains due; that the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money now due and owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term is further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged: And the Wit ncls added. That it will be necessary to increase the Tolls in some Re-Ipebts, and to make some Alteration in the Mode cf collecting the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

P o'.vers,

37 Geo. III. aj° Februarii. 345

Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of to Saint Dunfian's Cr, near the City of

in the County of Kent, and for amending and widening

the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade Corne, in the Parish of to

Bagham Cross, and ShLane End, in the Parish of Chilham, mthe laid County: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in -he County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Chyrch Yard of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, anti made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. George Vanjittart reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Callaway, Charles Thomas Mar/h, John

respecting the Minter, Stephen Couchman, John Marrable, Robert Hayes Jones!0t r' Leggett, John Southee, George Edward Goldfinch,

Henry Kirkby, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Totaling, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rouse, James Laxvrenc William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Thomas White, Thomas

Richardson, James E/wyn, George Barber, John Penfold,

Richard Elwyn, Thomas Rouse, John Cheave/e, Robert Feu, John' Halbet, James Homerfiiam, Edward Homersham, Richard Dixon, James Pratt, Richard Hambrook, Edward Hambrook, William Hatcher, William Thornton, William Mathers, James Robertson, Henry Kemp, John Thomas Salmon, Jefe White, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, that the said Committee met this Day at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last; and Thomas Jones, El'quire (a Member of (lie laid Select Committee) not attending, the Chairman informed the Committee, that he had received a Letter Yesterday from Mr. Jones, Hating; that a very severe Indifpofi-tion confined him to his Room, and that he was attended by a Physician, who would give the House further Information; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till a Quarter of an Hour after Ten of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. George Vanjittart also informed the House, That Dr. B/ane, the Physician who attended the said Thomas Jones, Esquire, acquainted the Committee, that he was very much indisposed, and confined to his Room; and that Dr. Blane attended at the Door, and would give the House an Account of the State of Mr. s Health.

Then Dr. Blane was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, that he had attended Mr. Jones this Morning, and found him very unwell, with a Disorder in his Chert:; and that he thought him not capable at present of attending his Vol. 52.

Duty, and it would be some Days before he would be able to leave Home.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made, on Behalf of the said Thomas Jones, Esquire, for his Non-attendance on the said Select Committee this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, according Sah.im Toney to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, I"c!?'"rj Bl 1' the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or p etn e ' Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Toney, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Huilh Eplfco-Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the g.jI1ncl°i"re Parish of HuifhEpifcopi, in the County of Somerset, was mitted. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore

Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Waicot, Tim-the Petition of Sir Thomas WhichcotBaronet, Charles p '/pe Chaplin, Peter AuriolHay Drummond, Nevi/e King, Ef- titiun, report-

quires, and others, whole Names are thereunto sub- ed-feribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Low Lands, called The Dales, within the Hamlets or Townships, and Parishes, of Waicot, Timberland Thorpe, Timberland Martin, LinwooJ, and Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Benjamin Cheales, Esquire, being examined, said, That there are within the Hamlets or Townships, and Parishes, of Waicot, Timberland Thorpe, Timberland Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, certain Low Lands called The Dales, containing Two thousand Eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which are much subject to be flooded, and in their present State yield but little and uncertain Profit to the Owners thereof; and that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the said Lands were properly embanked and drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to embank and drain the Open and Unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales Head Dyke and the River Wit ham,in the several Townships or Hamlets,

and Parishes, of Waicot, Timberland Thorpe, Timberland Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition,re-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ported, others, the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants of the County of Northumberland, and Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared

4 T to

r 01

'V

y of

:.j

:n

Milbrooke Church Bill, reported.

0 C"J3

3

Report from Canterbury Elettion Committee

4

;) 34 27° A. 1797-

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his calculated to answer the great Ends which it apparently

; Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's has for its Object, as it holds out a Lure to Idleness,

: i Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; and lets the Pauper in this Country above his Bene-

i; ! . viz. lad or, the Clause, which allows a Shilling a Week for

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. every Child which a Man has above Two, and this to be !, William Chapman being examined, said. That there is a peremptorily demanded, not leaving it to the Discretion

|; considerable Intercourse in point of Trade carried on or Wildom of the Magistrate to judge of the Propriety

by Land Carriage between the Town of Newcastle upon of the Claim, is, the Petitioners conceive, a sufficient

I , Tyne and the City of Carlisle, and other Parts of the Proof of the Allertion; nor less objectionable is that

! County of Cumberland, and also between the said Town Part which allows to every Man, not possessed of £. 30,

I ! of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Western Parts of the a Power of demanding of the Overseers a Sum of Mo-

I County of Northumberland-,that the Country through ney to purchal'e a Cow, or other Animal yielding Profit;

1 ' which the said Roads between the said Places lie, is the Value of Money in England and Wales is in a very

: very hilly, and the Passage attended with Difficulty; different Ratio, so that the Application of this Clause

that by proper Surveys and Levels lately made and would greatly aggravate the Burthens, already too great,

j taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal may of the Country, and encourage Insolence among the

be made from the said Town of Newcastle upon Tyne to lower Class, who in general are indifferent about any

j, a Place called Hay don Bridge, in the said County of Thing beyond a mere Subsistence, and, knowing the y

Northumberland,there to communicate with a Turnpike have a certain Resource in the Prpvilions which the

Road leading through the Town of Haltwhijl/e,in the Law makes for them, would be improvident, and spend

I . said County of Northumberland, to the City of Carlisle every Thing the y have in the most extravagant Man-

j aforesaid. ner, here then, in dead ofb inga Check, the Petitioners

i And the Witness added, That by such Navigable conceive, it would operate as an Incentive to Immo-

II Cut or Canal a considerable Length of Land Carriage rality: The Bill might have a good Effect in opulent

f would be saved, and the Conveyance of Lead, Coals, Manufacturing Towns, but the Application of it to

j Lime, Limeltone, and other Minerals and Merchandize, the said Borough would be attended with serious In-

; be much facilitated, and that it would tend to the Im- conveniencies, and many aninduftrious Person, who now

i provement of the adjacent Lands, and be of great with Difficulty, on Account of the accumulated

Public Utility. Weight of Taxation, and the enormous Price of Pro-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vilions, earns a Subsistence for himself and Family,

making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or would, were it passed into a Law, be reduced to Beg-

nearly from, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to, or gary, or become a Dependent on the Provisions of the nearly to, Haydon Bridge, all in the County of Nor- Bill, and thus the Petitioners conceive it would, instead thumberland: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Beaumont do of obviating, induce Poverty: What the Petitioners prepare, and bring in, the fame. humbly conceive to be the least objectionable is that

Part of the Bill which relates to Schools of Industry;

I Memberad- Ordered, That Mr. Grey be added to the Gentlemen, but its Intention would be frustrated, for, after great dedtobringin who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,pur- Sums of Money had been expended in the Erection of doiure BdJ.' suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Per- Building, and the necessary Concomitants thereof, no fons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners Ule could be made of them, there being no Manu-and Proprietors of, and Persons isterested in, the Open factories in this Country, especially of that Kind in and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands which Children may be employed, and to which parti-and Grounds, lying within the Parish of Saint Mary,cularly. the Bill refers: For the above Realbns, namely, in the Town of Bedford,in the County of Bedford. 'its local Inapplicability, and the Difference of the

Value of Money in England and , the Petitioners BiUpresented. Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to pray, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the that the County Borough of Carmarthen may not be Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and subject to its Operations.

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford: And the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the same was received; and read the First Time. whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. be taken into further Consideration.

Member . Ordered, That Mr. Grey be added to the Gentlemen, A Petition of the most Reverend Father in God Petition of the tnHOToMin? who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill, pur- William, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of dofure Bill, suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners Fork, was presented to the House, and read; Taking &W ley and and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying and Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, YforeBilL1 being in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within coure of Han -old,in the County of Bedford. the Townships of and Winkfey, in the Parish of

Ripon, in the County of York; and Setting forth, That Bill,presented. Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to the Petitioner, in Right of his See, is Lord of the Manor Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incJofing, the and Liberty of Ripon, and, as such. Owner of the Soil Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable and Freehold of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of Grounds, of as Part and Parcel of the said Manor.

Harrold, in the County of Bedford: And the same was and Liberty of Ripon-, and that the said Claim of the Pe-received; and read the First Time. titioner having been disputed, he has lately cauled or

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. directed legal Proceedings to be commenced, for the

Purpose of trying his Right to the Soil of the said Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, and the Petitioner agwHhc" of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was pre- conceives, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law

Poor Bill. lented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the before the Determination of the Proceedings already

Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the commenced, it may very materially affect his Interest,

Poor; and Setting forth, That the same would, if car- and be injurious to the Rights of the said See: And '

ried into a Law, be productive of very lerious if not therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel,

ruinous Consequences to the said County Borough: against the said Bill, and that the Proceedings there-The Petitioners conceive that the Bill is by no Means upon may be until the Claim of the Peti-

9 tioner.

37 Geo. III. 2j° Februarii.

tioner, in Right of the said See, shall be determined by due Courie of Law, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sawley and A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain ctoiure Bin"" M°ors» Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the committed.' Townships of Sawley' and IVinksley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Annejley,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition Ordered, That the Petition of the most Reverend

soled!' rC~ Father in God William, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of York, which was this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

TringMo Mr. William Raker presented to the House, ac-seated! ,pre- cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

add«Uobring Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne be added to the Gen-in over Kellet tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Indoiure Bill. |}ii]} pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of George Marion, Esquire, only Brother, next Heir, and Committee, of the Person and Estate of Oliver Marton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the County Palatine of , a Lunatic,

and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and who, as also the said Oliver Marton, are the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor or Lordship, and inrespect thereof, or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon, the Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, within the said Manor or Lordship, uiually called Over Kellet Moor.

Bill,presented. Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Tra<ft or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne be added to the Gen-

in Hornby? emen> who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Inclosure Bill." Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Marfden, Esquire, Lord of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which said Petitioners respectively are the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships, Vills, Distiifts, or Divisions, of Hornby,

Vojl. 52.

Wray, Far let on, Arkholme, and and in

respect thereof entitled to certain Commonable and other Rights, in, to, and upon, divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, called by the several Names of Whitmoor, Arkholme Moor, and GreJftngham Moor, within the said Vills, Districts, or Divisions, respectively, and Parcel of the said Honor and Manor.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Homby, &e. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, preene‘ within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a |„5

Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of closure Bill. ' Ham Bradshaw Bradshaw, Esquire, Lord of the Manor

of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of Thomas Bateman, Esquire, and Thomas Shepherd, Gentleman, who, as also the said William Bradshaw Bradshaw, are severally the Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and entitled to certain Commonable and other Rights in and upon the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Parcel thereof.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to BUl,presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County *

Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com- Runquift' mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Andrew , K"

Runquift, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, to Cambridge whom the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl Road1 of Hardrvicke, and the humble Petition of the several re-

other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, pwte ‘ Owners and Occupiers of Estates, and Residents near the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, into the old North Road at or near Arrington Bridge, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Christopher Pemberton being examined, laid, That the said Road is in a very ruinous State, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into

the

v

2j° Februarii. ' 1797.

the old North Road at or near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Charles Torke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Member ad-dt-'d to bring in Thornbo-rough Tncio-Uire Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Grenville be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Thorn borough, in the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the I Joule shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said. Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Count'd, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Rillrrcftnted. Mr. Thomas Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; anti read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitions from Pct f‘on of die several Persons, whose Names are Proprietors «f thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands within the of Easterton,in the Parish of Market Lavington, < (oiiirc Bill." n the County of Wilts, w'as presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tithing of Easterton, in the County of Wilts; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pals into a Law as it now stands, it will be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners in many Respects, especially . by its authorizing the Common Dowms, within the said Hamlet, to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that they may have such farther Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates within the Hamlet of Easterton, in the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, w'as also presented to the House, and read; Likewilc taking Notice of the said Bill; and containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afled: them, and that it may not pass as it now stands, or that

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mef-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to f:|gc respect-this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker of Specie, (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to communicate to the House of Commons, without Delay, the Measure adopted to obviate the Effects which might be occasioned by the unusual Demand of Specie lately made from different Parts of the Country on the Metropolis.

The peculiar Nature and Exigency of the same appeared to require, in the first instance, the Measure contained in the Order of Council, which His Majesty has directed to be laid before the House. In recommending this important Subject to the immediate and serious Attention of the House of Commons', His Majesty relies, with the utmost Confidence, on the experienced Wisdom and Firmness of His Parliament, for taking such Measures as may be best calculated to meet any temporary Pressure, and to call forth, in the moll effectual Manner, the extensive Resources of His Kingdoms, in support of their Public and Commercial Credit, and in Defence of their dearest Interests.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Minuteof House, by His Majesty's Command, £ntedf'pr "

Copy of Minute of Council of 26th February, 1797.

And the Title of the said Paper w'as read.

And the said Paper was also read; and is as. followeth;

Copy of MINUTE of COUNCIL, of 26th February, 1797.

At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 26th of February 1797; By the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council;

p r e s E K T,

Lord Chancellor, Earl Spencer,

Lord President, Earl of Liverpool,

Duke of Portland, Lord Grenville,

Marquis Cornwallis, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

UPON the Representation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer; Hating, That from the Result of the Information which he has received, and of the Enquiries which it has been his Duty to make respecting the Effect of the unusual Demands for Specie, that have been made upon the Metropolis, in Consequence of ill-founded, or exaggerated Alarms, in different Parts of the Country'; It appears, that unless some Measure is immediately taken, there may be reason to apprehend a Want of a sufficient Supply of Calli, to answer the Exigencies of the Public Service: It is the unanimous Opinion of the Board, That it is indispensably necessary for the Public Service, that the Directors of the Bank of England should forbear issuing any Calli in Payment, until the Sense of Parliament can be taken on that Subject, and the proper Measures adopted thereupon, for maintaining the Means of Circulation, and supporting the Public and Commercial Credit of the Kingdom, at this important Conjuncture. And it is ordered, That a Copy of this Minute be transmitted to the Directors of the Bank of England; and they are hereby required, on the Grounds of the Exigency of the Cafe, to conform thereto, until the Sense of Parliament can be taken as aforesaid.

(Signed) _ W. Fawkener.

Ordered,

X

97-

rt.

"J to Com. itted;

' W

liitee,

Com,

it the

Mail

) the

! H :v to V-v

nted g

aker c: C

nd is

> the

ilure

cca *

tore

dry

)m-

and

da-

for

,eet

toil

'IJ-

)IV

37 Geo. III.

27° — 28° Februarii.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, until His Majesty's most Gracious Melfage, of this Day, be taken into Consideration.

349

Colchester Election Petition, deferred.

Poor Bill, deferred.

Resolve Jy That this House will, upon fVedne/Jay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee of the Mutiny Bill, whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny reP°rte and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Consideration. Tomorrow, the Petition of the several Per-

fons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf . , 1 „ . . 0-.i 1 ,

rr, 1 r 1 n n. cl 1 which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which

& 'ITr7, °J b,tWgr f 0 tl«y had directed him to mport to the House; and he

0U° ? 0 6 'I11., t 0 C?m. re£u' the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

plaining of an undue Elect,on and Return for the said „„ Bu, wfth the Amendments, in lt the Clerk's

Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Thursday the 2d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Motion to prevent the Exportation of Specie, &c. superseded.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is the Opinion of this House, that no further Exportation of Specie or Gold, Should take place for the Use of the Emperor, or any other Foreign in the Parish of otherwise Campton cum

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

Power, until the Sense of Parliament shall have been taken on the Subject, upon a full Review of the Causes of the present Exigencies of the Public;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, l

Tellers for the Noes,{J{';

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

247.

70.

in the County of Bedford, be now read the Third Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campton

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, cum Shefford, in the County of Bedford.

for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Sevcnnight, the 9th Day . of March next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Campton In-do lure Bill, passed.

he & c-

r

U

Bill to enable The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the the East India Report from the Committee of the wdiole House, to increaie"their whom the Bill to enable the India Company to raise Capital Stock, Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and reported.

to extend the Provisions now existing, respecting the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased Stock, was committed j

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Martisj 28° di Februarii;

Anno 370 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Petition of divers Gentry, Clergy, and other

_____Freeholders, Inhabitants of the South Wei-

tern, Western, and North Western, Parts of the

A

Petition from certain Inhabitants of the Weltcrn Part *

Su;

ret

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to County of was presented to the House, and of

_________ »!._ — A l.:„ , 7 r I n c , against Nor-

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the tbikAflizes Votes, that in consequence of a Meeting convened by the High Sheriff of the County, in July last, a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Removal of the Lent Assizes from the Town of Thetford, w'here the same have been holden Time immemorial, to the City of Norwich; and that Norwich, being far from A-Centrical Situation in the said County, the Removal ' of the said Lent Assizes is by no Means of such general Utility as to warrant such an Application; and that, if the aforesaid immemorial Usage of holding the Assizes in the Town of be abolished, and both

the Lent and Summer Assizes be hereafter holden at Nor-

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.defer- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the said Alteration will, on Account of their great

Ways and Means, deferred.

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Vo l. 52.

Distance from the said City of Norwich, be particularly inconvenient and prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all other Inhabitants of the South Western, Western, and North Western, Parts of the said extensive County: And therefore praying, in Behalf of themselves and others. That the said Bill may not pass into 4 U a Law;

t

350

2 8° Februarii.

A. 1

a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard by CounfeJ, against the fame, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for holding the Leiit Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Castle of Norwich, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against: the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

V'vizesRoads A Bill for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from /F#? Lavington, unto and through the Town of The Devizes, to the House known by the Name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of Wilts, and from Rozvde Ford, through The Devizes Market Place, to join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road near IVanfdyke, and from the East End of Devizes afore iu id to the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Reflved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JoJJnia Smith, Mr. Hiley Addington, &c.: And they are to meet

Bill, committed.

/kies in the County of Norfolk, has signt-d another Petition for the /rune Purpose, but, before the iarne could be presented, the Time for receiving such Kind ot Petitions eiap/ed: And therefore praying the House to permit his said Petition to be now received.

Ordered, That, in confederation of the particular Leavegiven. Circuniflances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Jacob John Whittington.

Then a Petition of Jacob John Whittington, Esquire, GuiWenMor on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of GuildenAI or den, in the County of Cambridge,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and difpeiied ip small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, their Tenants or Occupiers, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it w ould tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the

Petition from Whitchurch, for an Exemption in the Poor Bill.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts al-Chamber. lotted them: And therefore praying. That Leave may

be given for bringing in a Bill for those Purposes.

A Petition of the Corporation of the Guardians of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Whitchurch pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that which lies in the County of Salop, on Behalf of them- Mr. John Pitt and the Lord -kesbury do prepare, and Pelves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Part bring in, the fame.

of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and lead; Setting forth. That, by an A<fl, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch as maintains its Own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop, the Petitioners are incorporated and entrusted with the

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Dalton indo-and Waste Lands within the Township of Dalton, in Emitted the several Paritlies of Rotherham and in the

West Riding of the County of was read a Second Time.

RThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Care and Management of the said Poor, and have ex- Pitt, Mr. Wilber force, &c.: And they are to meet this pended the Sum of £. 5,000 and upwards in purchas- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ing Land, and erecting a House of Industry, of which Chamber, the Sum of £. 4,000 and upwards hath been borrowed,

under the Powers of the said Act, and remains unpaid; A Petition of James Hyde and James on Petition from

and that, if the Bill for the better Support and Main- Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprie-tenance of the Poor, now depending in the House, tors of Inflates, in the Parish of A Her, in the County Aikr, Vramft should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Peti- of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- Hui'.hiyu-tioners apprehend the same will be injurious to, and ing Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Iauolute

materially affect, the Rights, Interests, and Property, of doling, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, the Inhabitants of the said Part of the said Parish: And within the Parish of lb.ifh in the County of

therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted there- Someand Setting iorth, 'lhat the Petitioners are in, exempting that Part of the Parish of Whitchurch materially interested in the Division and Inclosure of aforesaid, which lies in the County of Salop, from the the said Commonable Lands, and, it the said Bill Operation and Effect thereof. should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Peti-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tioners, and many other Persons, will be injured in Table, until the Report from the Committee of the their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agent, be taken into further Conlidcvation. against such Parts of the said Bill as arc prejudicial to

their Rights and Interests and that the same may not A Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an pais into a Law as it now Hands.

Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, , That the said Petition be referred to the

for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, Consideration of the Committ ee to whom the said Bill in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron-y- is committed , and that the Petitioners be heard, by Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop their Counted or Agent, before tire laid Committee, and Denbigh, was read a Second Time. upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Ordered, That it be an luftru-ftion to the said Com->

Hill, Mr. Lygon, he.: And they are to meet this After- mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said ber. Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-A Petition of Jacob John Whittington, Esquire, was mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That L-ave o »rc- a Petition was presented to the House on Tfiurfday last, A Bill for building a new Chapel at Dock, Plymouth

lent a Pm- f gned by his Agent, praying for Leave to bring in a in the Parish of Darner el, in tire County of Devon,

<kn Mord«f" knl for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and was read a Second Time. mated,

indoiurc Bill. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elf ord, in the County of Cambridge; but which Petition, being Mr. he.: And they are to meet this After-

irregutar, from not having been signed by the Petitioner noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-himself, was withdrawn , and the Petitioner, who re- ber.

% Air.

Wem Roads Bill, committed.

Petition of Mr. Whit-

37 Geo. III. 28° F35 *

LeicesterNa- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to'whom Works, in such Act mentioned: And that Mr.

ti treportld. the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the and Mr. Penn Curzon do prepare, anti bring in,

Leicester Navigation, was referred; That the Com- the fame, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Henry -been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- hoi ton, was read the Third Tune.

mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- , That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, be, An Act for naturalizing

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Ordered, That Mr. Benji do carry the Bill to the

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

th.e same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ad of the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of His pre- the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while lent Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable on Shore: And that Mr. Nepean, Mr. and the

Communication between the Loughborough Canal and Lotd Arden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining

a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads, and Mr, Low all reported from the Committee, to Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscrib-said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the fame, by ing, Proprietors of Land in the Counties of Renfrew, faffing along "the said Canal, to the said Navigable Lanark, and Ayr, was referred; That the Committee had Communication, all in the County of Leicester,was examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the read: And, House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied

Mr. John Edward Carter being examined, said. That with} and that the Committee had examined the Mat-the said Company have proceeded to put the said Act ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report m Execution, and have nearly completed the said Na- the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and vigatiort. Water Levels, Railways, and Works: That he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-the Estimate for executing the said Undertaking, vered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame'was amounted to the Sum of £.43,166, but that for several read; and is as followeth;

Reasons, and principally on Account of the great Ad- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

vance in the Price of Labour, during the Execution several Acts,passed intheTwenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, of the said Works, and of Damage done thereto by and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, Frofts, Snow, and Floods, in the severe Winter 1794-5; and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of the Expence of making the said Navigation, Water the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Levels, Railways, and other Works, and carrying on Roads leading from Gorbals of to Refer

the same to this Time, amounts to a Sum far exceed- Grange, and to F/oakbridge, and from Three Mite

ing the said Estimate, and also much larger than the House, by to Clerkjbridge, and from Paifey to

Sum the said Company are by the said Act enabled to the Turnpike Road leading from and cer-

raise amongst themselves for the Purposes aforesaid, the tain other Roads, in the County of Renfrew, were Whole of which has been long since contributed and read: Then,

expended; and the said Company have also contracted A Member present informed your Committee, That very considerable Debts in the Prosecution of the said the Trustees acting under the said Acts, have made Works: That by the making of the said Navigation, great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have and the Facility of Water Carriage thereon, a Re- borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the dudlion of nearly One Third in the Price of Coals Tolls leviable by the said Acts; which Monies cannot has taken place in the Town of Leicester and its Neigh- be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, bourhood, and in some Parts of the neighbouring unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further Counties of Northampton and Rutland; and, a considerable continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and Power Reduction has also taken place in the Price of Carriage be given to levy higher Tolls and Duties oa the said of all Articles of Merchandize passing upon the said Roads;

Navigation, so as to make a very important Saving to That it would be of Public Advantage if the Roads the Public. from Gorbals of Glasgow to Eafer Grange, and to

And the Witness further added, That in order to en- bridge (which are in many Places steep and inconve-able the said Company to discharge the Debts they have nient) were altered, and were made to pass from Glas-unavoidably contracted as aforesaid, and to make the gow to the Confines of the County of Renfrew, at or said Undertaking as completely and generally beneficial near tire Black Loch; and if the Roads branching to the Neighbourhood and the Public, as was originally therefrom, and from the other Roads contained in the intended, and as the said Company are satisfied it may laid Acts, or connected therewith, in the Petition par-be made, it will be necessary they should be em- ticularly described (which Roads are in bad Repair, and powered to raise such further Sum of Money as may inconvenient to Travellers) were repaired and kept in be required for the Completion of their Plan; and proper Repair, under the Care and Management of the that to enable them so to do, it is also necessary and Trustees acting under the said Acts: Then, reasonable, that they should be enabled to take an ade- An Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the

quate additional Tonnage for the Passage of Boats, Reign of His present Majesty, for making and re-Barges, and other Vessels laden with Coals, upon the pairing the Road from the Toll House in Paifey said Navigation, between Loughborough and Leicester-, Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new and that the said Act hath been found in several Re- Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park house, to the Eall Ipecls defective, and requires to be altered and amend- End of the Bridge at Renfrew, was read: And, ed. The said Member further informed your Committee,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for That the Trustees acting under the said Act, have

enabling the Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to made a Progress in the repairing of the said Road, and finish and complete their several Works, and to dif- have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the charge the Debts contracted in the making thereof. Credit thereof, which has been duly applied according and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the to the Directions of the said Act, but it has been Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, found, that the said Tolls and Duties are not luilicient for making the said Navigation, and several other for making and keeping the said Road in Repair, and Vol. 52. paying

Libotton's Nat. Bill, passed.

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Renfrew Roads Petition, reported *

35 *

a 8° Eebru

-d. 1797-

Renfrew Ronds Bill, ordered.

tant Purposes, Intended by that Institution, are likely to be carried into full Effect: And therefore praying. That they may be supported, by a farther Grant, for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of ISIer- Petition from chants of England) trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That JUrave »« .

- - ‘ " ' sent a I'ett-

Puifley Lone and Renfrew Road Bill, ordered.

paying the Money allowed to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, and that a further Sum is required for completing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term- and Powers of several Acts, made

in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth

Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-

ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's

Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gor-

bn/s of G/aJgow to Floakbridge and Eq/ler Grange, in the A,

County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said the Petitioners, having been prevented from presenting County; and for making and repairing certain other a Petition to the House, for Affiltance to enable them Roads in the said County, branching from, or con- to support their necessary Expences, in conl'equence of nested with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts: their not having received His Majesty's Consent before

the Expiration of the Time appointed for receiving Private Petitions, humbly request that the House will give them Eeave to present a Petition for that Purpose.

Ordered, That, in confederation of the particular Leave given. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Eeave be given to present a Petition as delired by the said Go-

And that Mr. Rf‘Dowall and Air. Fergufon do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in PaiJJey Lone, at the Well Side of the Entry to

the new Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Earkhouse, to vernor and Company of Merchants of England trading the EaR End of the Bridge at Renfrew: And that Mr. into the Levant Seas.

AfcDowall and Mr. Fordycedo prepare, and bring in Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of

the fame. Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, s eu"

being offered to be presented to the House;

Bill so enable An ingroITed Bill to enable the East India Company Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's

Company" 3 ° ra e Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, increase their and to extend the Provisions now exilling, relpe<sting having been informed of the Contents of the said CaP>taiStock, the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased ——

P e ' Stock, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the East India Company to raile Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions now exilling, refipefting the

Petition from the Board of Agriculture, for Leave to

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been car-_ _ ried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by

present Stock of the Company,' to the said increased Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and

Stock. that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and

Ordered, That Mr. Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, to protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Do-and desire their Concurrence. minions, it has been found necessary that an Ambaf-

lador should be sent from England to reside at -

A Petition of the President and Members of the and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Of-

Board of Agriculture, was presented to the House, and ficers and Servants, should be established in the other read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners had prepared Parts of Turkey where Subjects reside, and where

present a Peri- a Petition to the House, for the Puq)ole of obtaining the Merchants carry on Trade; the whole Ex -

1 n‘ a Continuance of that Public Support they have hi- pence of which has been borne by the Turkey Com-

therto received, for carrying into Execution the im- pany, which, together with other Expences incident portant Objefls intended by the Establishment; but to carrying on this Trade, have ot late Years amounted the Time for receiving private Petitions expired before to about £.8,000 per Annum', and that the Petitioners His Majesty's Recommendation could be obtained for acknowledge with Gratitude the several Grants they presenting the said Petition: And that the Petitioners, formerly received from Parliament, and, although they being thus prevented from presenting the said Petition did not apply for farther Assistance, so long as they within the Time limited for receiving private Petitions, found themselves in a Situation to support their Ex-pray, That Leave may now be given to present their pences, they are sensible they should not discharge the Petition to the House, that the Premises thereof may Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the be taken into Consideration, and that such Provision Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they coniider may be made thereupon as to the House shall leem themselves as Trustees) if they did not declare their meet. present Inability to support their necessary and una-

Leavegiven. Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular voidable Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be therefore praying the House to take the Premises into given to present a Petition as desired by the said Pre- Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be fident and Members of the Board of Agriculture. thought necessary and proper.

Then a Petition of the President and Members of That the said Petition do lie upon the

the Board of Agriculture being offered to be presented Table, to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Meftage of terday con-

having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- Yesterday, be now read. Addren

tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the And the said Order being read accordingly; thereupon.

House. The House proceeded to take the said Meftage into

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Consideration.

Setting forth, That His Majesty having been graciously And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker, pleased, in consequence of an Address from this House, Resolved, Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, dress be presented to His Majesty, to return His Ma-a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the Internal Im- jesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious provement oi the Country', the Petitioners have much, Meftage: To assure His Majesty, that the House will Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the impor proceed, without Delay, to the Consideration of the 8 important

Petition from the Board of Agriculture.

Committee of Secrecy appointed to examine the Amount of the Out ft Hiding Demands on the Bank.

To be chosen by Ballot.

37 Geo. III.

28° Februarii. — 1° Marl'd.

1

important Subject which His Majesty has recommended to their Attention; and that His Majestv may rely on our earned and anxious Delire to adopt inch Measures as the Circumstances may appear to require, and as may be bed calculated to meet the Preilure of any temporary Difficulties, and to call forth, at this important Conjuncture, the cxtcntive Relources of the Kingdom, in Support of our Public and Commercial Credit, and in Defence of our dearcd Intereds.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Quedion being pro-poied, That a Committee be appointed to examine and date the Total Amount of Outdanding Demands on the Bank of jEng!and) and likewise of the Funds for discharging the lame, and to report the Result thereof to the House, together with their Opinion on the Ne-

m O 1(

ceflity of providing for the Confirmation and Continuance of Measures taken in pursuance of the Minute of Council on the 26th Indant;

The I louie was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the I louie of the 5th and 10th Days of December 1696, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Appointment of a Committee to inipecl the Books of: the Bank of England, and to examine into their Accounts given in to the House, and of the Report thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quedion, by inserting, after the Word " House," the Words, " and also to enquire into the Causes which c< have produced the Order of Council, of the 26th u Indant."

And the Quedion being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth *

Tellers for he Yeas, { £ ] S«-

Tellers for the Noes, "j?4"' j 44-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quedion, by inlerting, after the Word " Continu- unce," the Words, 46 for a Time to be limited."

And the Quedion being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Quedion, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine and date the Total Amount of Outdanding Demands on -the Bank of England, and likewise of the Funds for discharging the fame, and to report the Result thereof to the House, together with their Opinion on the Necessity 6f providing for the Confirmation and Continuance, for a Time to be limited, of Measures taken in pursuance of the Minute of Council on the 26th Indant.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do. Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock, prepare Lids, to be put into Glasses, of Fifteen Names to be the said Com -; mittee.

Ordered, That the said Glades be placed upon the Table, and the said Lilts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glades at the T'able by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

VOL. 52.

Resolved, That it is the Duty of tills House, to en- Refblution quire into the Caulcs which have produced the Order U)C

of Council of tllC 26th Indant. Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to remove remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the rpe rinVcer-Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for tain Bank Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds: And 0l" that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. John Thomas Town/kend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill presented House, according to Order, a Bill to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Queers Ke-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lief Bill, de-House, to consider further of the Bill for the further terred Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tithes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1° die Mart it;

Anno 37° Georgii III111 Regisj 1797 *

Prayers.

THE Lord Hazvkcsbury, from the Select Committee, Tewkefrury who were appointed to try and determine the Election d»-Merits of the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and ternuncJ Philip Francis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elec-

tion and Return for the Borough of Tezvkesbury, in the County of Glov.cester, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petition did in Part depend upon the Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which, they reflectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners, Peter Moore, Esquire, and Philip Esquire, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners Rate, That the " Right of Election for the Borough of Tezvkesbury " is only in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty,

" of the said Borough, meaning, by the Word " Burgelfcs," such Persons as are entitled to their Freedom by Servitude or Copy, and, by the Word " Commonalty," the Inhabitant Householders of the said " Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Marlin and William Dowdeszve/l, El'quires, delivered in

a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members Rate, That " the Right of Election is in the Freemen of the said " Borough, and in any Person seised of an ERate of 4 X M Freehold

554

ALirlii.

1797.

" Freehold in an entire Dwell:. lg House situate within " the said Borough

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Tezvkesbury.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Alembers, the said SelcA Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Tewkesbury.

That the said Scledt Committee, having duly considered the said Statements and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election, have determined.

That the Right of Election is in the Freemen at large, and in all Persons lei fed of an Eilat e of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the said Borough.

That the said Select Committee have also deter-' mined.

That James Martin, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkijhiry, in the County of G/ouceJier:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That jrilliam Do'wdefwell, Esquire, is duly elected

Mr. J-oJin Pitt presented to the Ifoufe, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more eaiy expeditious, and less expensive: And the same was received; and read the Fir 11 Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Bill, presented.

Lord Viscount Stcpford reported to the Ifoufe, That Antwerp their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Adtirds‘ Thanks of this House for His m ft Gracious Message:

To alfure His Majesty, that the House will proceed, without Delay, to the Consideration of the important Subject which His Majesty has recommended to their Attention; and that His Majesty may rely oh their earned: and anxious Desire to adopt such Measures as the Circumstances may appear to require, and as may be bed calculated to meet the Prefiure of any temporary Difficulties, and to call forth, at this import ant Conjuncture, the extensive Kefourccs of the Kingdom in Support of our Public and Commercial Credit, and in Defence of our deare ft Interests) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was plealed to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. Anfrather reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heritors of the County of Fife, fubftribing, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition *

Fife Rends (Statute Labour) Petition; reported.

a Burgds to lerve in this present Parliament for the and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared laid Borough of Tecvkesbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Peter Moore., Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, so fir as respvfts the said

James Martin and IViHiam Doudcfwell,', Esquires, did Member present informed your Committee, That

not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous

or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said Peter , Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, so far as respects the Reverend Joseph Robinson, Clerk, and Mr. William Buckle,

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delisered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a

_ the

Laws for making and repairing Highways in the County of Fife have been found ineffectual; and that it

would be more equitable and convenient for the Lieges, and infinitely more advantageous, if the whole Statute Labour of the said County was commuted upon an equitable Plan, instead of the present Services; and if the Converlions exigible upon Ploughgates of

0.

k

O

ts

Bagdmann's, Sill 'Ken's, and Tatter's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

the Bailiffs of the said Borough of Tewkesbury,presiding Land, were in the first Instance paid by the Proprietors, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament with Recourse upon the Occupiers; and Powers granted for the said Borough as Returning Officers, did appear to borrow Money upon the Conversion. to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexa- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tious: for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in

And also, That the said Select Committee have de« the County of Fife, and for more effectually making termined, and repairing the Highways within the said County:

That the Opposition of the said James Martin, Ef- And that Mr. and Mr. Scott do prepare, and quire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said bring in, the fame.

Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- Mr. Henry reported from the Committee, Ha re wood ln-

termined, to whom the BUI for dividing and inclosing several

That the Opposition of the said William Dozcdefive/l, Open Fields, and Meadow and Pa flu re Ground, and Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and

Parish of in the County of Pork, was committed; That the Committee had examined, ancf found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the for naturalizing Jacob Ravelmann, John Siff ken, and George Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

LczvisChrifiian Tatter,was committed; That the Com- to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Trustee of Land belonging to Leeds Charity School, found the same to be true; and that the Committee of the Annual Value of £.3, who could not be met had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with- with; and that the whole Property, intended to be incut any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at doled, is of the Annual Value of £.468. 15 j. or there-the Clerk's Table. abouts; and that no Person appeared before the Com-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Ocdered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; to the fame, without any Amendment. and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

ments,

Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

; to r,'.

V

laid " .:v, ft as

Ut Ar>..,

he

nr

:J|'

37 Ge6i lit

i" Ma

355

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

Bill to amend Mr. Henniker Major p relented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend the Laws respecting C Vagrancy: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Arden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. x

The Order of the Day being read, for the Secohd Reading of the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Callle of

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon the 29th Day of this Inltant March.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Marine Mutiny Bill, pre-seated.

according to that Order, those who then Appeared levcrally put the Lifts by them prepared into the Glalles at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lilts by them prepared into the said Glalles.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, the Lord Carrington, Mr. Strac/iey, Mr. Hi/ey Addington, Sir John Sinclair, Colonel Walpole, Mr. Andrews, Colonel Harcourt, Mr. Porter, Mr. Frajer, Sir Robert Ainjiie: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition frorii Bristol for an Exemption i;i

Norfolk Aflizes Bill, deferred.

Committee on land Tax Commission-trs Bill.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor,

Aiiilbtnts, and Guardians, of the Poor, in the City of Brijtal,wras presented to the House, and read} bill

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, by virtue of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of King liam the Third, for erecting of Hoi pitals and Workhouses within the City of Brifol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, are formed into a Body Corporate, and that, by several subsequent Acts, the same has been recognized, and the Powers of the Corporation enlarged; and that, by virtue of such Acts, the Poor of the several Parishes within the said City are under the Government and Protection of the Petitioners as a Body Corporate: And that the Petitioners observe that a Bill is depending for the better

appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and having an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An lately established a Woollen Manufactory, wherein " Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land they employ such of the Poor in the City of Brifol as

" Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service are capable of working, they doubt not but the pro-

" of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and gressive Improvement of their Manufactory will in the

" Ninety-seven." Course of Time (if not affected by the said Bill) cause

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Poor Rates, so burthensome and opprclhve to the

Mr. Ho'aart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendmerits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House yill please to receive the

industrious Part of the Community, to be materially reduced; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Provisions of the said Bill (if the same were to pals into a Law) would prove extremely prejudicial to the proper Management of the Poor in the and that, without some material Alterations,- it will have an Effect directly opposite to that intended and

Mutiny Bill,

passed.

fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow wished for by the Legislature: And therefore praying. Morning. That a Clause may be introduced into the said Bill,

to exempt the Corporation of the Poor of the said An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- City from being affected by it. tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the their Quarters, was read the Third Time. Table, until the Report from the Committee of the

Ballot For Cdnfimittee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, be now read *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confederation.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the EiiHofufpcnJ Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Hisprclint Majesty, in- 7he

tituled, " An Act to ref train the Negotiation of Pro- Negotiation of " miffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under Promiiioiy a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain NoMs,0‘ cu " called England," might be read. t And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the said Acts, as far as

The Order, made Yesterday, directing the Method they relate to Manufacturers and Bankers, not residing of putting the said Lifts into Glalles, was read. in the Cities of and and the Bo- *

Then the Names of the Members being called over, rough of Southwark.

Vol. 52, And

356

Afartli.

-d- 1797-

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in

Bill

to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the Operation of the said A (As: And that Air. til/berforre Bird and Air. Jeferys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HII to remove

rc~

j/cCi ing cer-ain Flunk S'otez, cam-rnititl.

r43

43

142

142

140

140

139 139 139

TFil/iam Pturner, Esquire T/tomas Powys, El quire -"Thomas Grenville, Esquire -IFil/iam UT/berforce, Esquire John Blackbunte, El quire -

Thomas Berney Brawflon, Esquire Chur/es Bragge, Esquire -Sir John Mit ford - -

fVII/iam fVilbenforce Bird, Esquire -Joh>i Fane, Esquire - - - - 138

Isaac Haze kins Braze nc, Esquire - - 13S

Sir John Scott - - - - 137

Air. Alderman And erf on , - - - - 137

A Alotion was made, and the Question being put, That the Right honourable Charles James Fox be added to the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the leas, {uirvnjhend: !

5 A

con side red.

reported.

Report of Members to be the Committee of Secrecy.

140.

Motion for a Committee to enquire into the Cau/'es of the Order of Council of 26th Feb.

Keg.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to remove Doubts respecting Pr

miiloryNotes of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England, for Payment of Sums of Money

under Five Pounds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rtfo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately,resolve

itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House,upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly retolvccl itself into the said

Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hmckejbtiry took the Chair of the Committee. *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Havekejlury reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an

Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

The Lord Haevke/bv.n accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the BiJJ, and which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the _ _ _

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question mil lory Notes of the Governor and Company of the put thereupon, was agreed to by the House. Bank of England, for Payment of Sums of Money

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be under Five Pounds, was read the Third Time, ingrossed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promift'orv The House was moved. That the Resolution of the Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of House of Yesterday, " That it is the Duty of this England, for Payment of Sums of Money under Five " House, to enquire into the Causes which have pro- Pounds.

a ‘

Tellers for the Noes, ff

(Air. 2 orke:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Iloufc having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on TlnafdayMorning;

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at One of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to lend for Perlens, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to remove Doubts respecting Pro-

Rill to remove Doubts re-ipeiting certain Bank ISotcSj ptiLtd.

duced the Order of Council of the 26th Instant,' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

26th Day of February lasty The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

"Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Whitbread:

Tellers for the Y

Caules which produced the Order of Council of the Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to"His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

r a leas, F

Tellers for the Noes, -

I The Lord H

(Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

Sargent:

C

1

7 *

161.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lifts of Fifteen Persons Names to be the Committee of Secrecy, ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; t nd is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons j

WiLiam Huffey, Esquire.....153

Charle Grey, Esquire - - - - 148

Inland Navi-gnt ions Duty Bill deterred#

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means,deter red.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

3wii,

37 Geo. lit

2° Martil.

351

Jovis, 2° Martii

Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

ColcheUer T HE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation Petkionconfi- JL t ie Pet i°n of the several Persons whose Names dered. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Col-chcjier, in the County of Essex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Mr. George Vansittart, from the Select Committee, termioed!C" who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Callaway, Charles Delmar, Thomas Marsh, John Minter, Stephen Couchman, John Marrable, Robert Hayes Leggett, John Southee, George Culrnur, Edward Goldfinch Henry Kirkby, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Tern ling, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rouse, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hud-Jon, Thomas White, Thomas Richardjbn, James Elwyn, George Barber, John Penfold, Richard Elwyn, Thomas Rouse, John Cheavele, Robert Feu, John Halbet, James Homersham, Edward Homersham, Richard Dixon, James Pratt, Richard Hambrook, Edward Hambrook, William Hatcher, William Thornton, William Mathers, James Robertson, Henry Kemp, John Pringuer, Thomas Salmon, JeJJ'e White, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to ' serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Baker, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the last Election of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Canterbury, was a void Election:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Callaway, Charles Delmar, Thomas Marsh, John Minter, Stephen Couch-man, John Marrable, Robert Hayes Leggett, John Southee, George Culrnur, Edward Goldfinch, Henry Kirkby, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Tom/ing, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, Charles Pitman Rouse, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas While, Thomas Richardson, James Elwyn, George Barber, John Penfold, Richard % Elwyn, Thomas Rouse, John Cheavele, Robert Feu, John Halbet, James Homersham, Edward Homersham, Richard Dixon,

VOL. 52.

James Pratt, Richard Lfambrooh, Edzchrd Hambrook,

William Hatcher, William Thornton, William Mathers *

James Robertson, Henry Kemp, John Pringuer, Thomas Salmon, JeJje White, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Eiedtors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury; and County of the same City,- did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Baker, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Samuel Elias Sazv-bridge, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexa tious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Canterbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for r the electing of Two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury, the last Election for Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, having been determined to be void.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Proceeding One hundred and Two Members being present; EieSon PttL

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. tiou.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchcfer, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Mr. Alderman Lufdngton being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Nichols, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside;

Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Four against . whose Elections Petitions were depending; One as then serving on a Select Committee; and Sixteen on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete. Lilts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. Mainzvaring, from the Select Committee, who Carlisle Elec-

were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the t‘°ndetenaiB Petition of Sir James Graham, Baronet, and Knub/ey, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Nanfon, James Robiufon, James BulmaThomas Butman, Marmaditke Allifon, Robert Nanfon, John Potts, Thomas Sezvell, John Hewit, John Barnes, Robert Graham, John Richardson, William Bennett, Thomas Sezvell, and James Gibbons, Citizens and Eiedtors of the City of,

in the County of Cumberland, on Behalf of themselves,;

and many other Citizens and Eiedtors of the said

4 Y City,

35

Martii.

A. 1797,

City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Christian Curwen, Esquire, is duly elected

a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Frederick Fletcher , Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of Sir James , Baronet,

and Edward Knubley, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of William Nanfon, James Robin-Jon, James Bulman, Thomas Btilman, Marmaduke,

Robert Nanfon, John Potts, Thomas John He wit,

John Barnes, Robert Graham, John Richardson, William Bennett, Thomas Sewell, and James Gibbons, Citizens

ble, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Acte Inclo. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the rented! 1'on: Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tyrwliitt Drake reported from the Committee, to WingTiwfo whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, j'11, re the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Mea- or dows. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing,in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

and Electors of the City of Carlisle, in the County of to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro

pnetor of 254 Acres 1 Rood and 12 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Lands to be inclosed con-lifts of 3,402 Acres 3 Roods and 21 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments wen, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not ap- thereunto, which they had directed him to report to pear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and vexatious: afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

And also. That the said Select Committee have de- in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments w ere termined, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

That the Opposition of the said Sir Frederick Fletcher by One; and, upon the Quell ion ieveraily put there-Vane, Baronet, to the said several Petitions, did not upon, were agreed to by the House.

Cumberland, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Citizens and Electors of the said City, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Christian Cur-

appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

‘And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ftmffoulVicr's Yht. Bill, p relented.

A Petition of the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen in the University of College,

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Oxford, Patrons of the RectorLs ot Saint George in the Order, a Bill for naturalizing Lewis John Marie Hauf- East and Saint John in the County of Mid- Bill! *

foullier: And the same was received; and read the First. and of the Reverend Doctor Willis, Rector of

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from CkrkenwtW, tgamft the VoorBiUv

A Petition of the Inhabitants of in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That, by Two several Acts, passed in the Fifteenth and Twenty-third Years of the lteign of His present Majesty, the Poor within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell are put under the Care, Management, and Direction, of certain of the Inhabitants, called Guardians or Governors of the Poor, who have, for the Accommodation of the Paupers, made great Additions, Alterations, and Improvements, in the Warkhoule, and thereby incurred considerable Debts, which are now due and payable out of the Rates lor the Relief of the Poor; and that undcT the said Management the Rates have been reduced, and the Poor amply provided for; and that the Bill, now depending in the House, for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor, will, if passed into a Law, create much additional Trouble and Expence, enhance the Rates, prejudice the Patilhioners of u; ill, and render no Advantage whatsoever to the Poor: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against Clerkenwell being included in, or affected by, any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions, made, or to be made, in and by the said Bill, and that Clerkenwell may, by express YVords, be exempted therefrom.

the said Parish of Saint John Wapping, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth,. That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioners apprehend they will be very much injured in their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premiies as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrucuon to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Marquis of be added to

the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and Bing in Wm-bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors ot Linds,

Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Corn-Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the , v Parish

/ *

r the ttaJ,

2;k1

the

and

hi'.

>to \r-,‘

N"«.

ir!j

tj

hat

the

[he

ro-

iu

.he

!fl-

r.d

to

ne

its

to

d

S,

re

i. Pr: )t I:.:

37 Geo. III.

Martii

359

Parish of IVingrave with RowJtiam, 'in the County of

Buckingham, -whole Names were thereunto subscribed.

Bill to fu£ p-nd Acts for reltrfthingtho Negotiation of

AVingrave with Row-sham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Triton Tn-cloi'ure Bill reported.

Mr. prefer.ted to the Mouse, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to lufpend, for a Time to be limited, the Operation of Two Acts, the one passed in The Marquis of Titchfie Id presented to the House, the Fifteenth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, Jh1011'0 according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing intituled, "An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Pro- rented.

" miilbry Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under " a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain " called ,"and the other' in the Seventeenth

Year of the said Reign, intituled, "An Act for further " restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and " Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum,

" within that Part of called England:"

And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Ref, That the Bill be read a Second Time. OrThat the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

RefThat the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Harewood Inclosure Bill, palfed.

Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Wingravewith Roxvsham,in the County of Bucking-

ham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gore Langtonreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of

Puritan,in the County of was committed;

That the Committee liad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with } and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of die Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Pa-

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Colchester

jeturned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck j to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Mr. Alderman Lushington, and John Nichols, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir John Frederick, Baronet, John Whitmore, Esquire, John Pitt, Esquire, John Hi/ey Addington, Esquire, Charles William Taylor, Esquire, Martin, Esquire,

Thomas EJicoitrt, Esquire, the Honourable Bruce,

Henry Penruddocke Wyndham, Klquire, George William Richard Harcourt, Esquire, Edward Clark, Esquire, John LevefonGower, Esquire, Lord Viscount,

EleAion Committed appointed.

rifii of Harewood, in the County of York, was read the Mr. Alderman Lushington, John Nichols, Esquire Third Time. r 'r'r'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of

Harewood, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcel/es do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Attornies Duties Act, presented.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkthips to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Scleft Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being law -ful Electors of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Scleft Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee

----- ---- — - ----- on Bill to fuA

Bill for improving the Port ol London, committed.

Marine Mutiny Bill, committed.

therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for improving the Port of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

VOL.52.

the Bill to lufpend, for a Time to be limited, the Operation of Two Acts, the one pasted in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under " a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain " called England," and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the said Reign, intituled, "An Act for further rest raining the Negotiation of Promiftbry Notes " and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, " within that Part of Great Britain called ."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, _That: they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said

Committee,

pend Acts for restraining the Negotiation of Promill ory Notas.

reported.

3<so 2° — 3° Mar til A. 1797-

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inr oiled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

I nd T.ix

Commission-tn> Bill, report , u.

Bill to regulate the Trial of C:\uses, &c. deferred.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of tins Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

seven," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the H >use; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and . then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wfith the Amendments, be

ingroli'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the 24th Day of April next,resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and indidments, which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1enerisy 30 Martii;

Anno 37 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

The Lords A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. hive agreed to an(] Mr. Popham

Mr. Speaker,

Bill to remove The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Coubts re- Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of certalnSBank the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Notes. for Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds;

without any Amendment: And also,

Grantham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Canal Bill. Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue t)f His Majesty‘3 Commission, for declaring His Royal Allent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's *

Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Rojal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke oiGloucefier, the Lord Arch-bishop ol Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl,

named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Allent to the iaid Bills:

Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Brooch,

in the County of Cornwall, to Du Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to, or near to, Rut Iter Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the lame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Twro Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of tlis present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of so far as

the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge, at the North End of FarnLane, through Mid/turfi,to the City of Chichester, and from aforesaid to Delkey,all in the said County of Sussex:

An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to loll and convey a Messuage, Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fu/Jozv,

and Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Hospital:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting " the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral " Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry " and Prebends of the said Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of

Exton,

Royal Allent to BilU.

37 Geo. III.

3® Martii.

361

Hornby, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Halton Inclo-i'ure Bill, committed.

Over kellet Inclosure Bill committed;

kun quid' Nit. Bill, polled.

Extort, in the County of Somet and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe and Catcombe

leigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. :-burne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common or Waite Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and intlofing a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, 'Common, or Waite Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

An ingfofled Bill for naturalizing Peter Andrew Rtiri-qittjl,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass ! And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquijl.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Won from A Petition of the several Persons, whose NatheS are Kftedhi!nte" thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Lands, against divers other Persons, interested In certain Open and kuiih Epij- Commonable Lands, situate in or near the Parish of Hnish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of ; and Setting

forth, That the Petitioners are, and claim to be, entitled to Right of Common in, upon, and over certain of the Commonable Lands, not Part of King's

tnoor, by the said Bill intended to be divided allotted, and inclosed, in respect of their Tenements situate in the Parish of Aller, in the said County; and that the said Bill, in its present Shape, gives the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested, no Power to make of afi'ert their Claims, but totally excludes them, and vests the said Commonable Lands in the Lord Bishop and Wells, and his Successors, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Pari Hi of Hnish Episcopi, to the great Detriment and Injury of the Petitioners and others; and that the said Bill is, in many other Keipefts, prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, and the other Perfens interested in the said Commonable Lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, or Agent, against the said Bill, in its present Shape, passing into a Law, or that the House will grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coafideratirxa of the Committee to whom the said Bill i« committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Von.

kpi]

copi Inclosure Bill.

themselves, their Counsel; or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for enlarging the Term; granted by an Act of Edinburgh the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty committed, of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, was rtad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr; Secretary Due das, fee.: And thety are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Skmbndge Whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of ?n , 01poubh'

rj, . 1 . n < n , biulgv- Roads

1 wo several Acts of Parliament; the one made in the Bill,' repotted. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through I he Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One j and, upon the Question feYerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrafted;

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York, and desire the Concurrence of- their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Pierre-pont to carry Harewood Inclosure Bill to the Lord.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Chatham to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering R"T and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City, of Rochester, to Saint Dunjian'sCvofs, near the City of

Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called MakenadeCorner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Ct'ofs and Shnlmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham,in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Dover, Deal, from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place, in the Parish eomraiued.. of Sholden, called Fonlmehd Field, and for making a new

Road through Part of the said Field, and Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwichwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

4 £ Geary.

Petition from Stone for an Exemption in the Poor Bill.

Trins Inclo-fuix Hill, corr mUted.

562

3° 'Martiu

A.

1797.

Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

A Petition of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Staford, and of the Inhabitants and Land Owners of the faitl Towrt and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Year 1792, obtained an Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein; and that, in the Purchase of the necessary Lands, in the Erection and Building of a proper and convenient Workhouse for the Reception of such Poor, and in Implements and Machinery, the Petitioners have expended near £.5,000; and that, by Means of this Establishment, the aged and infirm Poor have been comfortably provided for, the young trained up in Habits of Industry. Morality, and Decency, a Stop has been put to the great Abul'es that prevailed in the Parochial Expenditure, and those Poor, who laboured under temporary Distress or Disability, have been more liberally assisted and relieved in their own Dwellings than had before been found pradicable; and that, while the Poor themselves have derived these important Benefits from this Institution, the Petitioners have also been very considerably relieved from the heavy and growing Burthen of the Parochial Taxes; and that the Poor Rates for the said Parish have, ever since the Commencement of the Undertaking, been reduced upwards of One Third, and this very considerable Reduction has taken place notwithstanding a further Charge upon the said Rates for the Maintenance of the Families of Men serving in the Militia, and the Parochial Levies for the Army and Navy; and that the Petitioners are well convinced these combined and inestimable Advantages have arisen from the good Management of the Directors and Guardians appointed, under the Authority of the said Act; and that the Qualifications required have rendered these Directors and Guardians respectable, the Number of whom secured the Advantage of combined Judgment and due Deliberation, and effectually prevented the Abuse and Oppression of the Poor! That it is with deep Con cern the Petitioners apprehend that, by the Bill now depending in Parliament, the Management of Houses of Industry, and the Employment of the Poor therein, will be subjeded to such Regulations, Superintendence, and Controul, as will make void the Constitution and Establishment of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish (under whose Ma nagement the Iloyfe of Industry there hath so greatly flourished) and wholly set aside that Plan for the Maintenance, Education, and Employment of the Poor, from which so great Good hath been derived; and that the Consequences will be extremely injurious to the Petitioners, who, on the Faith of Parliament, have contracted so considerable a Debt by embarking in this Undertaking: That, by exempting Houses of Industry from the Operation of the intended Act, these evil Consequences will be avoided, and an Opportunity afforded of ascertaining, from fair Experiment, whether the Plan adopted by the Petitioners,' or that proposed by the said Act, be most practicable and expedient: And therefore praying, That a Clause, granting such Exemption to the House of Industry at Stone, may be introduced into, and form a Part of, the present Bill.

Ordered, That the faitl Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor was committed, be taken into further Couikleration.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open l" and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Member added to biing in Coin Saint Dennis Inclosure Bill.

Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds,'within the Parish of 7 ring,in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Baker, Mr. Plumer, &c. s And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edward Darell, F.squire, Lord of the Manor of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Cloucester, and also Owner of certain Lands and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, Owners of Lands and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House> according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing, embanking, and improving, a Piece of Land or Ground, within the Parish of Frod-sham, in the County of Chester, called Frodsham Score: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Hultnes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chester,leading from Chapel to

Knutsford,to the South Bridge in in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Keith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making anti repairing certain " Roads in the Counties oi.Clacktnanan and Perth," was referred; That the Committee had examined, ami found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the tame, as it appeared to them, to the 1 louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Jamiefon being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the 'Polls thereby granted, which have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof; but it is found that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless further Powers are granted for that Purpose, and thcTerm of the said Act enlarged: That the Road from or near by the Town of Kincardine, in the Parish of Ttilliallan, and County of Perth, Eaitward, through, or near by the Muir of Culrcfs,in the County of Perth, through the Parishes of Tuand Cuirofs, to the Road at or near Newmill Bridge, is in a very bad State,

dangerous

Frodfliam Score Embankment and Inclomre Bill, prel'ented.

Hulmes Chapel Road Bill, presented.

Clackmanai and Perth Roads Peri tion, reported.

Walcot, Tim-berland, &c. Drainage Bill, pre fented.

Harrold In closure Bill, committed.

Bedford Inclosure Bill, committed.

Bamingham Inclosure Bill, committed.

Old Stratford Beads Bill, committed.

Committee on Marine Mutiny B;il«

37 Geo. III. 30 Martiu 363

dangerous for the Passage of Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His pre-ient Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Cl and Perth: And that the Lord Keith and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote prefertted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to embank and drain the Open and Unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales Head Dyke and the River , in

the several Townships or Hamlets, and Parishes, of

Walcot, Timber land Thorpe, Timber land , L«k-

wood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of Harrold, in the County of , was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. OJborn, Mr. St. Johin &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber1.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberi

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Barningham, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of and

Gloncefiers,so far as relates to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Ship fion upon Stoner, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mort!aunt, Mr. Pochiit, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it felt' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfclfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That VOL . 52.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made uport the 31st Day of Decemberlaft, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of this Instant March, the Petition of James John Faffar, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malme/bury,might be read. *

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday,the nth Day of April next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the Operation of Two Acts, the one passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the " Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part " of Great Britain called England," and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the said Reign, intituled, "An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of " Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, " under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for inflicting a Penalty on Persons refuting to pay Notes on Demand.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved,. That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

JPr. 2. 1. 9. To leave out " for and during the Term of Three Calendar " Months,"

Malmelfcury Elc&ion Petition, deferred.

Bill to suspend Acts for restraining the Negotiation of Promifi'ory Notes, parted.

Address for a Supply of Copper Coinage.

Vote of Tlianks to Sir John Jervis.

Motion for an Address respecting him, withdrawn.

Vote of Thanks to Admiral Thomplon, &c. See.

Account of Savings in Consequence < f Reports of Conunilfioners of Fees, See, ordered.

Motion rejecting the

364 3 0 Martii 1797.

" Months," and insert " until the First Day of next," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Ifill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to suspend" for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within . that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber force Bird do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, Nemitie Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plealed to give Directions that Measures may be taken for procuring an immediate Supply of such Copper Coinage as may be belt adapted to the Payment of the Laborious Poor in the present Exigency.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

ResolvedNemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Admiral Sir John , Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, for his able and gallant Conduct in the most brilliant and decisive Victory obtained over the Spanish Fleet, on the 14th Day of February last, by the Fleet under his Command.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to confer some signal Mark of His Royal Favour upon Admiral Sir John Jervis, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the important Service rendered to his Country, by the gallant and glorious Exertions of the Fleet, under his Command, consisting of only Fifteen Sail of the Line, and Four Frigates, over a Fleet of his Catholic Majesty, amounting to Twenty-f'even Sail of the Line, and Nine Frigates.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Tlianks of this House be given to the Vice Admirals Charles Thompson and the Honourable William Rear

Admiral William Parker, Commodore (now Rear Admiral) Horatio Nelson, Captain (now Sir Robert) Calder

(Knight), First Captain to Admiral Sir John Jervis, and to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of the said Admiral, for their Bravery and gallant Conduct on the above-mentioned most glorious Occasion; and that Admiral Sir John Jervis do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Sir John -vis, in the late most glorious Victory over the Spanish Fleet; and that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do transmit the said Refoiutions of this House to Sir John Jervis.

Ordered,'Hiat there be laid before this House, an Account of the Savings (if any) which have been made in consequence of any Report made by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees and Perquisites of certain Offices.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-

poled, That there be laid before this House an Ac- *

count of any Relief dr Advantages derived to the Reports on Public in consequence of any Report made from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State of the Crown Lands.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion posed. That there be laid before this House Copies of speiting the any Applications from any of the Tellers of His Ma- uor jesty's Exchequer to the Lords Commissioners of His withdraw .' Majesty's Treasury, in the Course of the Year 1783, respedVing the Mode of paying the said Tellers, with the Proceedings had thereupon.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee of Se First Report crecy. That the Committee had examined the Mat- neec0°jr" l ters to them referred, and had directed him to make Crccy a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Question pre posed, That it be referred to a Committee to enquire into the Measures taken for the Protection of mitteetoen-Ireland, at the Time of the late Attempt to invade that Country by the French; the Protestio *

And the previous Question being put, That that o{ Ireland. Question be now put $

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

t- 11 ci.u v f Mr. Whitbread, r

Tellers for the Yeas, j General ' j 62.

Tellers for the Noes -! r‘ Pybus,} I eners for the in oes, j Mr_ Cannin: j zo9‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- Papers rela-trad of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of Expedi-the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Thompson, dated the tion of the 21st October 1796. ' Coiftofl

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy land, ordered, of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Colpoys, dated the 25th October 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Colpoys, dated the 16th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Lane, of His Majesty's Ship dated the 16th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Captain Sir Edward Pe/lezv, Baronet, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Indefatigable, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 17th December 1796-, inclosing Copy of a Letter of the 15 th of December, and Extract of one of the 16th, written by that Officer to V ice Admiral Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Colpoys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 18th December 179<j; inclosing Copy of a Letter to him from Sir Edward Pellew, dated the 16th December 1706.

OrderedThat there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to

Admiral

37 Geo. III. 3 Marti365

Admiral Lord Bridport > dated the 20th December 1 796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 21st December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 22d December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Captain Sir Echvard Pellew, Baronet, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Indefatigable, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 20th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Lord Btidport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 23d December

179'-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 24th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 24th December 1796; inclosing Copies of Letters from Sir Edward Pellew to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 17th and 20th of Dece?nbery and one from Vice Admiral Co/poys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 18th of December, with their Inclosures.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, 'dated the 25th December 1796; inclosing a Report, made to his Lordship by Captain Irwin, or the State of The Prince Gcor re.

ij

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 25th December '796-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 26th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vef-leis at Portsmouth and Spithead, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 26th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Ports-viouth and Spit head, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 27th December 1796; inclosing a Letter from the Mailer Shipwright of Port [month Dock Yard to him, respecting the State of The Prince.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Por tf mouth and Spit head, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 28th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 28th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 29th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral to the

Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 29th 796; inclosing a Copy and Extract of Two Letters, Vqi. 52,

received by him from Lieutenant dated the

25th of December; and also. One from General Dairy m pie, dated the 28th.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 31st December 1796; inclosing Extract of a Letter, and of its Inclosures, from Vice Admiral of the 29th of

December.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Co/poys, dated the 31st December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a fetter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Admiral Sir Richard King, Baronet, Commander' in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Plymouth, ' dated the 31st December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Co/poys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 23d December 1796; inclosing Copies of Two Letters he had received from Captain Sir Edward Pellezv, dated the 15th and 16th of December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Co/poys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 24th December 1796; inclosing Copy of Intelligence received by him from the Honourable Captain Stopford, of the,

dated the 23d December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to-Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the 31st December 1796; inclosing Copies of Two Letters from Vice Admiral Co/poys, dated the 23d and 24th of the same Month, and of a Paper referred to in the last mentioned Letter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract ot an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Lord Bridport, dated the ift January

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Admiral Lord Bridport to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 1 ft January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Co/poys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 28th December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Co/poys to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated, London, at Spit head, the 31st December 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Sir Richard King, Baronet, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Plymouth, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 2d January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Sir Parker,

Baronet, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Portsmouthand Spit head, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 3d January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Velil-ls at Portsmouth and Spithead, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 4th January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Holloway, of His Majesty's Ship The j Duke,dated the 4th January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Portsmouth and Spithead, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 7th January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

5 A Account,

fcpers, patented.

W&ys and Means, de ferrcdk

1,66

3" — 6"

J. 1797.

Account, Chewing the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships under the Command of Vice Admiral Co.'poys, as reported previous to their failing.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships under the Command of Vice Admiral Golpoys, as reported on their Return into Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Average Statement of the Provisions on Board the Line

The Lords have passed

Marquis of Lan id own's Indemnity Bill.

County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bllltoenable Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money coj n/to1 by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend increaie their the Provisions now existing, respecting the present Capital stock. Stock of the Company, to the said increal'ed Stock; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to of Battle Ships under the Command of Vice Admiral relieve William Marquis of from certain Dif-

Colpoys on their Return into Port, at Full Allowance. abilities, in consequence of his having fat and voted in Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by trad from the Journal of Vice Admiral Colpoys, between taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration prescribed the 15th and 31st of December 1796 (inclusive) relative by Law, and subscribing the same respectively; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First rcai Time.

Resolve That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, committed. Mr. Curwen, &c.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to meet forthwith, and proceed upon the said Bill.

to his Proceedings with His Majesty's Squadron under his Command between those Periods.

Mr. Nepean, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, accordingly presented to the House the said Papers, together with a Schedule thereof,

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply, defer-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ne.tt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to Monmouth-

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names £‘re C:mal are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of the Monmouth- pet?tfon?re-fiire Canal Navigation, in Behalf of themselves and jpum.a. others. Proprietors of the fame, was referred; Tint the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- had been complied with; and that the Committee had ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole examined the Matter of the said Petition, anJ had di-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where And then the House, having continued to lit till the same was read; and is as folio,veth;

near Four of the Clock on Saturday Morning, To prove the Allegations or the said Petition, An Act, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His

Clock.

Lunts, 6 Martii;

Anno 37 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the in-


fcilt

to the Lords, grolfed Clause, which, on Friday last, was agreed to

Mhtakem the be added, byWay of Ryder, to the Bill, intituled, " An

Bill relating " ‘ " ~

to Proniid'ory Notes.

present Majesty, for making and maintaining aNavigable Cut or Canal from, or from some P/ace near nydd,into the River Ujk,at or near the Town of Newport, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called CryndaFarm, to, of near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was read: And

Mr. 'Thomas Dadford, Engineer, being examined.

The Lords have agreed to

t>unton In-tlofure Bill.

* Acct to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of said. That the said Company, in pursuance of the several " Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of Powers granted by the said Act, have expended large " the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Sums in making the said Canal and other Works, " Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of which are in great Forwardness, but that the Whole of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of the Monies which the said Company aie, by the said " Great Britain called England," had, by Mistake, not Act, empowered to raise, are very nearly exhausted, been carried up to the Lords with the said Bill. insomuch that the said Canal, and the other necessary

Ordered, That a Mellage be sent to the Lords, to Works, cannot be completed unless the said Company acquaint their Lordships therewith; and that the Com- be enabled to raise a further Sum amongst themselves, mons have therefore lent up the said ingrafted Clause or by borrowing the fame, by Way of Mortgage, on to their Lordships, and do desire that the same be added the Tolls; and that if Powers were given to the said at the End of the said Bill, and be made Part thereof. Company to extend the Line of the said Canal South-. Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do carry the said ward, across a certain Pill adjoining to the Town of

Newport, and in and through Lands situate in the several Parishes of Newport and Saint Wood ns, in the County of Monmouth, to a Distance not exceeding One Mile and an Half beyond the present Limits of the said Canal, it would enable them to provide more commodious Wharfage, and other necessary Accommodat ions, and would also be of Public Utility: Then

Edward Kendall, Esquire, Chairman of the Committee of Proprietors, being examined, laid, That

some

Mellage and Clause to the Lords.

the Lords, by Mr. Walker and

A Mellage from

Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of DtoUon, in the z

©thery Inclosure BiU# reported.

Puri ton Inclosure Bill# passed.

Petition for additional Provision in <j lou ce. Iter and Berkeley Canid Bill.

37 Geo. Ill,

(ome other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Mvnmov.thjldre Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Sir Charles Morgan, General Rooke, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Paitures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

SnwcrJ'et, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 15 Acres of Commonable Arable Lands, and the Owners of 5 Common Rights, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed contains 550 Acres and Two Roods; and the whole Number of Common Rights is 106; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose tht Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons anti Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

GlouccJlerand Berkeley Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, an Act was paired for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill,in such Line as was described in a Map, or Plan, and Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers of the Lands through which the same was intended to be carried; and that a Bill is depending in the House for enabling the Petitioners to vary the Line of the said Canal in the several Parishes therein mentioned; and that, if some Amendments were made in the said Act, as well for the further Satisfaction and Security of the Land and Mill Owners, and the Proprietors of the Stroud Canal Navigation, as for the better Management and internal Regulation of the said Canal Company, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the above Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 52.

67

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to Newcastle,&c. whom the Petition of the several Perl'ons, whose Names kponed. are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the West near the Town of Neivcaft/eupon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton Pont eland, HigDykes,

Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River IVanfpeck,in the County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Ralph He> on being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued, Part whereof remains due and owing; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the said Debt be discharged,unless the Terms of the said Acts are enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted; and it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and the said Roads be more effectually repaired, if the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof.

And the Witness added, That the Highway leading from the North End of the Road above-mentioned, to the Turnpike Road from Alemouth to Hexham, in the said County of Northumberland, is narrow, incommodious, and in a ruinous Condition; and that if the same were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would open a short and ealy Communication between the said Two present Turnpike Roads, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, improving, ami keeping in Repair, the Road from the West Cowgate, near the 1 own of Nezcrajlle upon Tyne> through the West End of Kenton Tout dandy Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River IVanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemonlh Turnpike Road: And that Mr. Beaumont and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. NPDozvall presented to the House, according to Renfrew Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbals of G/rfgozv to Floak-bridge and Easter Orangey in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching from, or connected with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

6° Mar

— GOO fe

Marquis of Lan '.down's Indemnity Bill, reported, and passed.

Skipbridge and Borough-bridge Roads Bill, passed.

Tpfuich Paving Bill, reported.

3 8

6a Martii.

A.

797-

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the

ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to relieve William Marquis of from certain

Disabilities in consequence of his having fat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration preferred by Law, and subscribing the same respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 30. After " Disabilities" insert " and Penaltics."

Pr. 3. 1. 10. After " Disabilities" insert " and Penalties."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr.' Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord fir ips.

First, Second, and Fourth-mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Third-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

McDowa/lpresented to the House, according PairteyLone er, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of alld Renfrew

' _ _ _ P. . _ . D~o,1 Dill

Mr.

to Order,

so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's lieign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in Paijky Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of diifgviv, by or near Park house, to the East End of the Bridge at Rofreiv: And the same was received; and read the hint Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Road Bill, presented.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of

Mr. Dickinson Senior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of and

IVinfcombe, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shipham and Winlcombe Indolure Bill, presented.

the

House, ac-and

allotting,

Mr. Dickiufon Senior presented to cording to Order, a Bill for diviciin York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands of 7'ork, was read the Third Time. and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of

North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West hatch, in the County or Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

North Curry. &. c. Indolure Bill, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cork, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge,in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Bunburyreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting,

for

dividing and inclosing the several Open

A Bill

Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari lb oi in

the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Etwall Tncio-sure Bill,committed.

Leicester Navigation Bill,

Mr. presented to the House, according to Or-

cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipfivich, der, a Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the p tn-cd

in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and pre- Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, venting Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making the rein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Heredita- in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present ments within the Twelve Parishes of the Town of Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several

other Works, in such Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ipfivich, in the County of and the Hamlets,

Liberties, Suburbs, and Precincts thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Common Council Men, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Town of Ipfivich,in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto lublcribed, refilling in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, and who, from their local Situation, are under the Necessity of having their Coals from the Port of Ipfivich, in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Common Council Men, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Town of in

the County of Suffolk, were severally referred; That

The Lord Keith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Clackmaxan and Perth Raids Bill, presented.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands the Committee had heard Counsel jn Support of the within the County of Clackmanan, was presented to the

House,

Petition for additional Provilk n in the said Bill.

37 Geo. III. 6° Martii. 3691

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the North of 'Tullibodyby Loan, and from

thence Eastward to the in the Parish of

Alloa,is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a Bill is depending, in the House, to amend and render

more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of and Berth, and it would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said County, if the Road, hereinbefore described, was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by the said Act: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Keith, Mr. Anstruther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

NewcafHe Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Or-

'>P°n|Tyr der, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable

preknted.' Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of

upon Tyne, to, or nearly to, Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon fVedtiefday Fortnight, the 22d Day of this lnltant March;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Fortnight, " the 22d " and inlerting the Words " Sevennight,

"the 15th " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Fortnight, the 22d " (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Sevennight, the 15th" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant March.

Allcannings Mr. JojhuaSmith reported from the Committee, to inciofure 0" w om ie Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Bill, reported. Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Allcannings and , in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 40 Acres of Land in the Hamlet of Allcannings, and of One Yard Land in the Hamlet of Allington, who refused to lign the Bill, and also the Proprietor of 24 Acres of Land in the Hamlet of Allcannings, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 3,964 Acres in the Hamlet of Allcannings, and 37J Yard Lands in the Hamlet of Allington, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Vox.. 52.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Huofe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Anstruther prefehted to the House, according to Order, a bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Matters of Shins and Vessels, in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in Shipping, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Comm . rcc, and Revenue, within the Pert of London: And pray-, ing, That the said Bill may be passed into a Law, as it would tend to remove the Evils complained of, and be of great Public Utility,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Air. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclolir.g, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of llitish Episcopi, in the County of Corner-Jet, was committed; and to whom the Petition of James Hyde and James Richards,, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates,-in the Parish of Aller, in the County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Bckair of themselves and divers other Persons, interested in certain Open and Commonable Lands, situate in or near the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had confdered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of iS Acres and 2 Roods of Land, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, and of Three Common Rights, who refused to sign the Pill; and that the whole Property entitled to such Right of Common consists of 1,036 Acres and 3 Roods, or thereabouts, and 25 Common Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question lc-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen NcJ'e, in the University of Oxford, Patrons of the Rectories of Saint George in the EciJi and Saint John fflipping, in the County of IS lid-

' 3 B dlcfex.

Fife Rmd4 (Statute Lx hour) Bill, pieitnied.

Petition in Fa you. of Lc.-i-vn D'‘cks, <i'c. Bill.

Mu if}) Fpln 4->nj Inclo'iircf Bill, reported.

Petition - fresh Bmzcn Noiu Colk\;< , ac. ar'tii.'t t! c Bill for improving tl'C Poit of London.

)O Ic

T

Maidstone Election Petition, deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill, reported.

Flintshire Election Petitions,deferrcd.

370

6° Martii.

A. 1797.

dlesex, and of the Reverend Dr. Willis, Rest or of the said Parish of Saint John Wapp: And also,

A Petition of the Principal and Scholars of s Hall and College of Brazen in the University of Oxford, Patrons of the Rectory of Saint Step-

ney, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Reverend '

! Thomas Breithweite, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish of Stepney aforesaid;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for improving the Port of London; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioners apprehend they will be very much injured in their Rights and interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved, That the Order, made uport the 31st Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of the thereunder signed Freemen, Eledlors for the Borough of,

in the County of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon T/iurfday, the 27th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The Lord Arden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 31 ft Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursdaynext, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders-of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County} and also, the Petition of John Lloyd, of Tyddyn, in the County of Flint, Esquire, severally complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

3

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Lind Tax Reading of the Bill (if ingrossed) for appointing Com- btcrrea? missioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year *

" One thoulind Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the said Bill was not yet ingrossed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved. That art Act, made in the American Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain In- ' '

" struments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the " Inhabitants of the said United States," might bd read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom " with the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

" with respect to certaip Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belong-" ing to the United States of America, so far as the same " relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between " this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries " belonging to the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly }

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

- The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour- Bill for prffial of the House, of the 29th Day of April, in the Fo'XInnf, last Session of Parliament, of the Resolutions which &c. of Live were reported from the Committee, to whom the Pe- Cuttie, order-tition of the Cutting Retail Butchers of London, PVejl- j minfer, the Borough of Southwark, and the Places adjacent thereto, was referred, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly} and the said Resolutions are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That the Practices of Carcase Butchers, in monopolizing Smithfield, and other Markets, is One Cause of " the Dearncfs of Butchers Meat within the Bills of " Mortality; which Practices have of late Years much " increased, and therefore the Trade of Carcase Butchers ought to be regulated.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That the Practices of Jobbers, and others, who buy

« Cattle

H

fir

tee

It:

KV

Ud

so

Hojj

N

Tiuj

so

foil

foe

37 Geo. III.

" Cattle and Sheep on Speculation, which are after " wards fold, at advanced Prices, several Times before " they are purchased by the Cutting Retail Butchers " (by which several unnecessary Profits are obtained " between the Farmer and Consumcr) are principal u Causes of the Dearness of Butchers Meat within the " Bills of Mortality; these Practices, having increased of late Years to an excessive Height, ought to be abolished. '

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That Forestalling and Regrating tend greatly to enhance the Price of Butchers Meat; and that these " Practices having increased, of late Years, to the great " Detriment of the Public, ought to be more effectually prevented by a summary Mode of Conviction." Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrolling of Live Cattle: And that Mr.

Mainwaringand Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Quakers Re- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ,®ll!fPnt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Months. consider further of the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tithes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cafes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j } »

TeUersfortheNoes,{M; «> j 8.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bili to amend Ordered, That the Bill to amend the Laws respec-deferred.LaWS' ting Vagrant's be read a Second Time upon Morning next.

ferred ' * Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

ferrwT'de' next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

37J

been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the 'said Petition, Mr.

Ralph Fletcher being examined, said. That the Road leading from near Edenfield, in the Township of toil Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, to or near the House of Mils

Ejlher Moss, in the Township of Little Bolton, in the said County, and also the Road from the said Road between Tot ting ton Higher End and Little Bolton, in the Township of Tot ting ton Loiver End, through a Part of

the said Township of Tot ting ton Loiver End, and the Township of Elton, to or near Bury Bridge, in the said Township of Elton, in the said Parish of in the same County, are very much out of Repair, narrow', and incommodious to Travellers and Palfcngers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Reparr, the Road from or from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Totting!on Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton in le Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of Tottington Loiver End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walter and Mr. TV Lord'.

Spr.anger: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made, Amendments by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to relieve x nMowic's0 William Marquis of Lanfidownfrom certain Disabilities, indemnity

in consequence of his having fat and voted in the Bl11'

House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration prel'cribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coin- Wmgra»c mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of with Row- Wbui,tom-

fluim, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Mar- quis of Titchfield, Mr. James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

6° — 70 Marrii,

Martis,7° die Martii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1797. Prayers.

Houserefolvej JpESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling of

Thursday!to the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morn-

ing next.

Edenfield and Mr. Blackburne of Lancaflnre reported from the Com-P«hionRre-dS m ttee5 to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ported.' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Market Towns of Bolton in le Moors, and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Owners or Occupiers of Estates in that Neighbourhood, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Vol. 52,

Sir Robert Williams Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Navigators of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, William Timothy being examined, laid, That the Harbour of Barmouth hath been a Place of very considerablo and increasing Resort for Ships and Vessels employed in the Carriage and Conveyance of Merchandize to and from the same, and Parts adjacent; but that the Obstructions occasioned by Sand and Rubbish conftamly

forced

Yarmouth Harbour Fcti- tion, reported *

v

Coin Saint Dennis Inclo sure Bill, committed.

Thornbo-rough Inclo-fureBiJl, committed.

Acte Inclosure Bill, cord-irutted.

Petition from the Corporation of Lincoln. against the Poor Bill.

372

70 Martii.

A. 1797,

forced into and lodged in the said Harbour, have of late Years rendered the same very unfate and incommodious, to the great Injury of the Public in general, and of the Petitioners in particular; and that unless some timely and proper Measures are taken to remove the present, and prevent further Obstructions, the Benefit arising from the Use of the said Harbour mull inevitably be soon loft.

And the Witness added, that by a Survey and Report, lately made, the Petitioners are induced to believe, the said Harbour is still capable of being rendered lafe and commodious, by the Erection of proper Piers or Barriers, and other Works; and also a llefer-voir to remove a Sand Bank within the said Harbour; but the Expence of such Works cannot be defrayed without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and preserving the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth: And that Sir Robert Williams Vaughan and Mr. Richards, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborougin the County of Buckingham, was read a Second I'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That, in the last Session, an Act was obtained for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said Cify, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners were at the Expence of obtaining the fame, and the said Act is now in Execution, and, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, will be productive of the greatest Advantages to the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the several Parishes thereby united, will considerably reduce the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, who are very numerous and burthensome, and will also meliorate the Condition of the Poor themselves, who will be more comfortably maintained, instrufted, and supported, than they are at present; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will in ElFeft defeat the Execution of the said Act, which the Petitioners conceive is better adapted to the Circumstances of the Parishes united thereby, and will more effectu'

ally provide for,-and secure, the Relief, Instruction and Employment, of the Poor, than can be done by the Operation of the said Bill, should it be carried into a Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, unless Provision be made therein, so as wholly to exempt the Parishes united by the said Act from the Operations of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Directors of the Poor, within the Petition frot City of Lincoln and Liberties thereof, and also, of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of Lincoln principal Parishioners and Inhabitants of the several againitthe Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and of the Parish of BlU" Saint Margaret in the Close, and City of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the same Parishes, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice, of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, after mature Consideration of the State of their Poor, and of what Measures might be the most likely to improve their Condition, and at the same Time relieve the Petitioners, in some Degree, from the Poor Rates, then very heavy and burthensome, did, in the last Session, apply for and obtain an Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said several Parishes; and that the Directors of the Poor, elected under the said Act, have contrafted for the Purchase of certain Buildings and Premises intended to be enlarged and made commodious for the Reception of the Poor, and are further proceeding to carry into ElFeft the salutary Provisions of the said Act; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced that the said Act will be productive of the greatest Advantages to the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said united Parishes, that it will tend greatly to reduce the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and will, at the same Time, afford a more comfortable Maintenance for the Poor themselves, and introduce an efficient System for their better Instruction and Employment; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will militate against, if not wholly defeat, the good FurpofeS of the said Act: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, unless Provision be made therein, so as wholly to exempt the Petitioners from the Operations thereof.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Petition from the Poor of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in shoreditchT the County of Middlesex,on Behalf of themselves and against D the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was like- BllI‘ w'ife presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be injurious to, and materially affect, the Rights, Interests, and Properties of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and tend very considerably to increase the Poors Rate, without being of Advantage to the really industrious or deserving Poor; and that the Petitioners conceive the Provisions, contained in the said Bill, are not calculated to effect the Purposes thereby intended, and will be the Means of defeating, and rendering ineffectual, many salutary Regulations now in Force within the said Parish, whereby the Poor are maintained, employed, and regulated, with the greatest Attention to their Accommodation and Relief; and that a Sum of £. 1,000, and upwards, has been expended in obtaining Acts for building the Workhouse,

£. 7,000 borrowed on Annuities for completing such Building, £. 2,000, and upwards, laid out in furnishing such House, erecting a Brewhoule and Bakehouse, and for proper Utensils and other necessary Expences: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel,.against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the

Committee

37 Geo. III.

7° Martii.

373

Chewton

Mendip Inclosure Bill, presented.

Chalgrave Inclosure Bill, Commuted.

Huifli Epkccn pi Inciomrc Bill, palitd.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Configuration *

Mr. Gore Lentgt on prefen ted to the House according to Order, a Bill lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commons and YVaite Lands within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewton Mendip, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Refereed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho-bartj Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Ha if Episcopl, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Hnifi Episcopl, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langtou do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

ptirfuance of the Order of Council on the 26th of February la ft; submitting to the YVifdom of Parliament to determine for what limited Time it may be need-fary that those Measures should be continued; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original *

Mr. Hi!! reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Effates, or resident in or near the several Pari dies of Ate ham, Berrington, and Condover, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee' had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notices to be affixed on the Door of the Session House, at the /Michaelmas Quarter SYfiions of the County where the Reads to be repaired do lie, had been complied with; and that the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers, in

A tcIr-HT! and Dorri ngton Road Petition reported.

A Bill for inclosing, embanking, and improving, a Piece of Land or Ground within the Parish o i Frocl-

Frocl sham Score Km-

he County of Chester, called Frodsham Score, committed. was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVII-diem Egerlou, Mr. Crave, &:c.: And they are ta meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

JHuJmes'Chs- A Bill for amending, altering, widening, improving, com tted ' anc keeping Jn Repair, the Road from the prefen t

the Months of August and September, had been published Twice in the Month of September, and Once in the Month of October, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament until it was too late to give the Notices within the Time required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. IVII-iiam Coupland being examined, said, That a Turnpike Road from Atcham, through Condover, to Bonington, with a Branch from AllJleUi Turning to Hongerhi!/, upon the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Liid/czv, would be beneficial to all Persons ref ding in the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, by forming a general Communication between the Turnpike Road leading

Tpfwic '1 Pav-imr Kill, passed. '

near to Chelford Chapei, was read a Second Time, Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. //?/-/ir.m Eger ton, Mr. Cj reeve, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the down of Ipf wich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third fear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting cleaning, and ctherwile improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffo/k, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein. Ordered, fi tut Sir Charles Banbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and clclire their Concurrence.

leading from Shreivjbury to Ludlow aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, uidening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham, through Con-dover, to Bonington; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Al/field Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike 'Road leading from Shreiisbury to Ludlow, at a Piace cailed Hon-gcrhill, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop:

And that Mr Hill and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Militia Fny Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and ,iI> PreknN Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hun-

o _

dred and Ninety-leven: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 5Vhurfday Morning next.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Mr. Bramfion reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had further examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report to the House, That, in their Opinion, it is necessary to provide for the Conlirmation and Continuance, for a Time to be limited, of the Measures taken in Vol.j-z *

Bill to amend Alt for railing-M». n in Scotland, for the

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in Army amt Nathat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the " Sendee of His Majesty's Army and Navy," might be read.

5 c" And

X tual jm

374

7 "Martii. 1797.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ' explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Bniingstoke, Mr. Wallop repotted from the Committee, to whom K«KUPct?C Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are lion, reported, thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Four-, iteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from,

through Wortin, OvertonHurjborn

Andover, and Middle , in the County of

ampton, to a Place called Lobcorab , in the Parish of Winterjiow, in the County of for including

the Road from SpittleHonfeover , to Mullens

Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty, and for amending the Roads from Andover, through , towards , and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingfloke,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Ralph Etwall Junior, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed by the said first-mentioned Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Monies be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and some Alterations made in the 'Lolls thereby granted:

That the Road from the Termination of the said present Turnpike Road, at Sarfon Street, by Mill, through Part of the Parish of Abbott's Ann, in the County of Southampton, across the Turnpike Road leading from Andover, to the City of New at or

near the Three Mile Stone proceeding towards and through ClatfordOakcutts, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Longflock, leading from to

the said City of NewSarum, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be iutficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness added, That it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Road, or residing in the Neighbourhood, if the same were made Turnpike, and added to the Roads included in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from stoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjiow, in the County of Wilts, and of another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road from Spittlehouse over Weyhill to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Ma-4

jesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover through Charlton towards Tangier, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhi/l to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingfloke, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Wallop, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, upon - Dnynppointed day last and this Day, were made from the Committee 1"/ . ' ,'.' of Secrecy, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday frc'm corn-Morning next. mu'ot- of s=-'

Ordered, That the Report, which was this Day made Second Re-from the Committee of Secrecy, be printed. prhw d >e

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the cedbvi:w'an Public Service, by the Bank of England, and outlianding Bmiki uuier-

on the 25th of February 1797. ed'

A Meffiige by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the RowiAOint Black Rod: toMu-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Atfent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the Hpufe of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's ' '

Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to One Public and the several Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His lloyal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York,. His Royal Highness the Duke cf Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucethe Lord Arcli-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Atfent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Aift-nt to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise.

Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions now exilfing, rcipecting the present Stock of the Company, to the said increased Stock:

An Act to relieve William Marquis of from certain Disabilities in consequence of his having fat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and lublcribing the same respectively:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann, John Sijfl ken, and George Lewis ChriflianTatter.

The Order of the Day being read;

Reftdved, That this l ioule will, upon Thursday Morn- Commit-?? oa ing next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole rmlcAftj, House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third deterred. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States

" of

Hauflouliief

sworn.

Dr. Powys thanked.

Colchester Eie&ion de-tennmed.

CjEO. III.

o \

7 — 9

Mitrlii.

375

" of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made " in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, " for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of , to the Trade

" and Commerce of this Kingdom with t he BritiJ/i Co- ionics and Plantations in America, with respect to " certain Articles therein mentioned," and also of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, " so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce " carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United " States."

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

The Lords have agreed bo

Mutiny Bill.

Swayfeld In- cloiuix; Bill.

Jovisy90 Martii,

A. '

Anno 370 Georgii III111 "Regis, 1797. Prayers.

T Ewis John Marie Hauftbullier took the Oaths ap-

J~j pointed, in order to Ins Naturalization.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Pcnvys, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's; and that he

be dellred to print the fime: And that the Lord Carrington and Mr. Hawkins Browne do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Hiley Addington, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Narhes are thereunto fublcished, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Col-thester, in the County of Essex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Thornton, Esquire, is duly 'elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Celchester,in the County of

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right Honourable Sir John Pennington, Baronet, Lord Ivluncajlerof the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-lelves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of CoUheJhr,in the County of did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

Vol. 52.

CampTor clciurc Bill.

Harewood In- clolure Bill.

That the Opposition of the said Robert Thornton, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the la.d Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Seieft Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Right Honourable Sir John Pennington, Baronet, Lord Mime after of the Kingdom of Ireland, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Mefliige from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Sgranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common 1 Meadows, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of S:vay-field, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Sway/ie/d, and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, While Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campion aim Shefford, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harercood, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Wienholt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Act?, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rellraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of , pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, from Accmmt of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Bank, jut pursuant to their Order, pretoted. *

An Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service, by the Bank of England, and outstanding on the 25th February 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

Libotton'i Nat. Bill.

Wienholt's Nat. Bill.

Bill to fuf-ptnd Atts for rcltraining the Negotiation of Bromill'ory Notes, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Fairfax's Name Bill.

&A

NK

375

Martii. A. 1797.

Bank of England, 9th March 1797.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service by the Bank of,

and outstanding on the 25th of February 1797.

On Land Tax 1794 D° -D° -D° -

Malt . D° D D°

141,000

1795 - - - - 312,000 1796 - - - - 1,624,000 £. s. A

1797 - - - - 2,000,000 - ' 4,077,000

1794 - - - 196,000 1795 - - - - 158,000 1796 - - - - 750,000 1797 - - - - 750,000 - - 1,854,000 — — »

1796 - - - - 1,323,000 0,000 1796 - 821,400 ‘ - 2,144.4°° — —

Exchequer Bills without Interest - 8,075,400 , 376'739 — 9

Treasury Bills of Exchange - - 8,452.139 — 9 - - 1.512.274 2 3

- £ 9'964>4i3 3 —

— ----- -- > w m

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Gloucester A Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of 1C Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary committed. the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive, was read a Second Time.

Rejfjhed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Will, Mr. Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the tevcral Parishes of Saint Vedast alias don Foster, Saint Michael Le Querne, Christ Church, Saint

tilt Poor Bill. Faith, Saint Augujlia, Saint Martin Ludgate, Saint Gregory os Saint Bauds, Saint Ann Blackfriars, Saint Mary Alderman', Saint Anthony vulgarly Ant holm. Saint Michael Royal, Saint /Martin Vintry, Saint Swilhin London Stone, Saint Mary Abchurch. Saint Mary Woolnoth, Saint Leonard Foster Lane, Saint Alban Wood Street, Saint Ola-ve Silver Street, Alha!loves Honey Lane, Saint Stephen Ilralbrook. Saint Clement near Eastcheap, Saint Leonard ' FdCijlcheap, Alhallozvs Lombard Street, Saint Dionis Back-church, Saint George Boto/ph Lane, Saint Benedict vulgarly Rennet Fhtk, Saint Martin Outvie h, Saint Ethclburga, Saint Helens BishopRate, Saint Michael Corn hill. Saint Boto/ph Billingsgate, Saint Mary Mount ha ze, Saint Olave Old jezery, Saint Peter IViJlcheap. Saint John Zachary',

Saint Michael BaJ/ijhazv, Saint Peter Paul s H liarf, Saint Bennett S here hog. Saint Alar tin Or gar, Saint Michael Crocked Lane, Saint James Gar lick Ilith, Saint Mary Woolchurchhaie, Saint Thomas Apostle, Saint Gabriel Fenchurch, Saint Laver cnee severy. Saint Michael Wood Street, Saint Nicholas Coleabby, Saint Mildred Poultry, Saint Mary Colechurch, Saint A!phage London IVall, Saint Ann and Agnes zeif'dn Aldersgate, Saint Alar gar et Alofes, Saint John B, J>fjJ, Saint Katherine Coleman, Saint Mary IS lag-

A. Nezuiand, Chief Cashien

dalen AH Ik Street (united with Saint Laurence severy) Saint Katherine Cree, and Saint Mary Botlnnv, in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That the same contains lie-gulations framed chiefly for the Relict of Labourersdn Husbandry, and not calculated or suitable for the Poor of a large commercial and manufaifluring City possessed of peculiar Privileges; and that Inch of the pro-poled Regulations as could be applied, would not tend to encourage Industry and good Order, promote the Comfort, or improve -the Condition, of the Poor in the City of London, the greater Part of whom are decayed Housekeepers, Artizans, or Servants, incapable from Age or Infirmity of being employed in Schools of Industry, but, with the Aflillance ot small Weekly Stipends, are enabled to pals the Remainder of their Days in Peace and Comfort, under the Care, and in the Society, of their Friends and Neighbours; and that those Regulations would occasion an enormous Increase of Poor Rates in the said City, so as'to become extremely burthensome, and several of the Clauses in the Bill would otherwise operate greatly to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and the Inhabitants of the City of London in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Couniel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pais into a Law, or that a Clause or Clauses may be introduced to exempt the several Parishes in the City of London from the Operation and Effect of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre-miles ae to the House shall seem meet.

] urc hwartk

ns ant

Overloers of

A Petition of the Ch the Parish of Saint 'Thomas, in the Borough of Southwark, on Behalf of themselves and the red of the Inhabitants of the ii.i l Parish, was allb presented to the House, and read; Like wife taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, Tint the same may not pals into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'ecm meet.

A Petition

rjio-

nun, nyn the Poor

37 Geo. III. 9

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Pari Hi of Saint Southwark, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themi'elves and other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewile taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may not pass into a Law, or that it may be so altered as to free and exempt the said Parish of Saint John, Southwark, and the maintaining, regulating, governing, and employing, the Poor of the fame, from the intended Operations thereof; and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themi'elves, or Counsel, against the same passing into a Law in its present Shape, or that the House will grant unto the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as in its Wisdom Hull be thought fit.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the Borough of Southwark, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem tncet.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers and Trustees of the Poor, and Parishioners, of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, in the County of Middlesex,'vcxi also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That, before the said Bill do pass, a Clause may be inserted therein, exempting the said Parish from the Operation thereof, and of all the Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, of the fame.

Petition from A Petition of the Churchwarden and Overseers of Holborn, ' the Poor, and Parishioners, in General Vestry assembled, against DJ of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Andrew Holborn, in the County of Midd/cfex,was al so presented to the House, and

read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may not pals into a Law.

Petition from a Petition of the Inhabitants, whose Names are rine' Lon- thereunder written, of the Parish of Saint Catherine don, against Coleman, in the City of London, was also presented to

D»BilI. the jyoufe> an(j reac|. likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Directors and Guardians of the ag niU) ' >oor the Hundred of Alutford and in

Bill. the County of Suffolk, was also presented to the House,

and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying. That the House will except the said Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland out of the fame. Petition from A Petition of the Churclwardens and Overseers of uthwark 0' the Poor of the Parish of George the in

against D ' the Borough of Southwark, on Behalf of themselves ®iU and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish,

was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying. That the same may not pass into' a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

MoretonCor- Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according cfofure BUl ° Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

presented.1 certain Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Aloreton Corbet, Stanton upon Hine

Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wem Roads Sir Richard Hill reported from the- Committee, to Bil], reported. whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, Vol. 52.

Petition from Saint John'i,-Southwark, against the Poor Bill.

Petition from fc.imt Clave's, Southwark, against D Bill.

Petition from Kensington, against D° BilL

an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from IVon, in the County of to the Lime Rocks

at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Coun-

ties of Salop and Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueand that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ‘at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. James Lowther reported from the Comrpittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, respectively, within the County of Westmorland, was referred; That the Commiftee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Anthony Burrow being examined, said, That the Public High Road leading from the Town of through

the Parish of Heversham to and from thence,

through the said Parish of Heversham and the Parish of Burton in Kendal, to a Place called Coiv Brow, in the Parish of KirkbyLonfdale, and from thence to the Town of Kirkby Lonsdale, all in the said County of Weshnorland,is, from the narrowness thereof in many Places, very inconvenient for the Passage of Carriages, and the said Road is otherwise in bad Repair, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Alilnthorpto Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Weshnorland: And that Mr. James

and Sir Alichaclle Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the le-veral Perl'ons, whose Names are thereunder ligned, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Port of London be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Most noble George Marquis Townshend, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Colby Bullock, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Copimon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Toney, in the 5 D County

Milntboro and Kirkby Lonsdale Road Petition, reported.

Petition from Commissioners of Sewers of Tower Hamlets against -London Port Bill, referred, and Counsel ordered.

Petition of Marquis Townshend and Mr. Bullock against Saham Tonejr Inolgfure Bill,

i J hlton Inclo-iure Bill, rc ported.

Lords Amendment to Bill to suspend Atts f>r retraining the Negotiation of Pro- mil lory Notes, agreed to.

An Aver to Add re 0.

378 90 Marti 1797.

County of Norfolk; and Setting forth, That the said George Marquis Townshend is the Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdha, in the said County, and the said Colby Bullock is the Rector and Incumbent of the said Rectory and Parish Church; and that, in Right of the said Rectory, or otherwise, the said Colby Bullock is entitled to the Tithe of Wool and Lamb, or to other Titheable Matters and Things arising, renewing, and coming, upon and from certain Parts of the said Commons or other Grounds, within the said Parish of Sahara 'Toney, and that, if the said Bill should, in its prclent Form, pass into a Law, it would be injurious to the Rights and Interests belonging to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdkam: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may aided the flights and Interests of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Shipdham, or may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may teem meet"

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilber force reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Families of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Persons, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at- 6s. yd. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property to be inclosed is aiTilTed at £. to 6 per Annum; and

that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to fufpsnd, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 33. Leave out " negotiable."

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber force do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that Measures may be taken for procuring an immediate Supply of such Copper Coinage as may be best adapted to the Payment of the Laborious Poor in the present Exigency) had been presented to His Majesty; and that - His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

2

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of to Saint Dunfian's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in

the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called AS a kenadeCorner, in the Parish of Preflon, to

Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said Counry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knalchbull,8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gascoynereported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Trustoes for putting in Execution an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King " George the First, and the Nineteenth and Twentysixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Liverpool to Prefcot, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the County Palatine of and for amending the Road from the Causeway at " low Brow to the Causeway leading from Prefcot to " Liverpool, and all'o through Limekiln Lane to " House, in Liverpoolaforeliiid," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

James Gildart, Esquire, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless die Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged. And the Witness added, That, f ir the better Support and Repair of the said lloads, it will be necessary to increase the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, and liar-

rington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lanea/ler:And that Mr. Gascoyne and General Tar/etondo prepare, and bring in, the fame-.

Mr.

Eyemouth Harbour Bill, reported.

Chatham Roads Bill committed *

Liverpool and Prelcor Rutti Petition, reported.

37 Geo. IIL

Mdrtih

379

Edepfcki an»l Kolron Ro.iHi Kill, prdtnu'd.

Mr. 5Vrf///cv presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Hoad from or from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Pari /li of Burx, to the Township oi Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton in le Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Read, at or near a, Place called Booth Pitts, in the Tounfhipof Tottington Lotaer End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Busy, all in the County Palatine cf Lanr<n?er: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great Wil-briltim li'.c'o-i'nv Bill, pit -linked.

"Mr. Charles 2 hr he presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in

IJttle Wilbrr-b.iin Incl dine Kill, prerented.

a Bill for dividing, allotting, indoling, and Seveivdiy, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, }

Kirkcudbright Ronds Bill, reported.

a nu had

W.rrv Tndo-bire kill, Willed.

Day appointed for Second Re.uiim: of Kill for T'l'e-Veniing Dili vion of Sca-tiu n.

a

Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and VYafte Grounds, v. bhin the Parish of Great IVilbralum, in the County cl Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Replied, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles 7 or he presented to the House, according to Order, laying in Common

and While Grounds, within the Parish of Little IVII-bralnvn, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. McDozca!l do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was committed.

Mr. BE'Do: vail accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, made fevered Amendments thereunto, which they directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the B;il, witii the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon I he Question severally put thereupon, were, frith Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ir.groll'vd.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Failures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Othtry, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill c]o pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Failures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Se amen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the IVef Indies, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Vol. 52.

Mr. Canning presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Darmfladt, signed at Franc fort, the 1 oth Day of June 1796; and Transition.

And the Titles of the said Papers were reach

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Scliion; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Darmfladt, signed at Francfort, the 10th Day of June 1796.

Be it known to those to whom it may concern, That His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Serene High nets the Landgrave of Hesse Darmfladt, in consideration of the Uriel Ties which unite Their Interests; and having judged, that in the present Situation of Affairs, it would contribute to the reciprocal Welfare of Great Britain, and of the Dominions of Hesse Darmfladt, to cement and strengthen, by a new Treaty of Alliance, the Connection which fublilts between them; His Britannick Majesty, in order to regulate the Ob-jests relative to this Treaty, has thought proper to nominate Charles Cravfurd, His Envoy at the Imperial and Royal Armies, and his Serene Highncls has nominated on his Part, for the same Purpose, the Baron Charles of Barckhaus, his Privy Councillor and Diivftor of the Council of War, who, being furnished with the necessary full Powers, have agreed to take for Balls of the present Treaty, the one formerly concluded between Great Britain and Hesse, the 5th of October 1793, to adopt such Parts of it as may be applicable to the present Circumstances, or to settle, by new Articles, those Points which it may be necessary to regulate otherwise 5 and as it is not possible to specify each particular Cafe, every Thing which shall appear to be determined in a precile Manner, either in the present Treaty, or in the former Treaty, shall be settled with Equity and good Faith, in conformity to the same Principles which have been adopted in the former Instances.

Article I.

There shall be therefore in virtue of this Treaty, between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Serene Highncls the Landgrave of Hesse Darmfladt, Their Heirs and Successors, a drift Friendship, and a linccre, firm, and constant Union, so that the one shall consider the Intcrcfls of the other as his own, and shall strive to promote them with good Faith as much as possible, and to prevent and remove all Dillurbance and Injury.

Article II.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, desiring to have in 1J is Service a Body of droops, to be employed wherever He may think proper, excepting in the East Indies, or on Board the Fleet; and his Serene Highncls wishing for nothing more than to give IJis Majesty this fresh tfroof of his Attachment, engages, by virtue of this Article, to let on Foot Three Battalions of Infantry, forming a Body of Two thousand Two hundred and Eighty-four Men, according to the annexed Specification. Thcfc Troops shall be ready to pais in Review before His Britannick Majesty's Commillary, the 14th Day of July, of the prclent Year, at Darmfladt, and to begin their March the following Day, for the Place of their Destination. The General whom His Britannick Majesty shall appoint Commander in Chief in the Countries where thele Troops shall serve, shall have Authority to employ them either together or in Detachments, and even to disperse them amongst the different Islands or Districts of his Command, in the Manner w'hich he shall judge the most advantageous for His Majesty's Service. It being notwithstanding

well

Treaty vmii Hesse Damn-limit, preiurt-cd.

380 k) Mar tit 1797.

well understood, that these Troops shall always remain under the immediate Orders of their own Chiefs. The said Corps shall consist of Men disciplined and exer-cil'ed, and well armed and equipped.

Article III.

In order to defray the Expences to which the Serene Landgrave shall be put for the Equipment of the said Corps of Troops, His Britannick Majesty promises to pay to his Serene Highness, for each Man, Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown being reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of Holland,or at 4.J. 9 Money, of

which Payment shall be made immediately after the Review, and according to the effective State as shall then be verified. All the Camp Necessaries, as like wife all the Horses, Waggons, Draft Horses, Valets de Bat, and Waggoners, who may be necessary for the Troops, as well for transporting the Equipages, Provisions, Ammunition, Utensils, Sick, and other Objects of every Kind, as for the Field Pieces, with their Implements and Artillerymen, shall be furnished by His Britannick Majesty wherever they may be wanted.

Article IV. - *

Besides the Levy Money stipulated in the preceding Article, His Britannick Majesty shall cause to be paid to ever}' Officer, as also to every One employed, not a Fighting Man, of equal Rank, the Sum of Three Months Pay, according to his Rank, and upon the same Footing as his National Troops, in order to facilitate the Expence of his private Equipment; which Payment shall be made immediately after the Signature of the present Treaty.

Article V.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages Him-feIf in like Manner to pay to the Serene Landgrave, an Annual Subsidy, during the Six Yeats this Treaty is to continue. This Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signature, and it shall be paid at the Rate of Eighty thousand Crowns Banco per Annum. The Payment of this Subsidy shall be made regularly, without Abatement, every Quarter, to the Agent of his Highness in London.

Article VI.

These Troops shall remain in the Sendee, and at the Disposition of His Britannick Majesty, during Six Years; land His Majesty shall allow them, during this Term,

1. Every Thing that is necessary for their Subsistence, namely, Pay, Bread, Forage, and in general all Emoluments, as well ordinary as extraordinary, attached to every Rank, on the same Footing that he allows them to His British Troops, in the different Places of their Destination; and for this Purpose, the Statements of Payment shall be annexed to the present Treaty.

2. Medicines and Sustenance for the lick and wounded, with a Place, and the necessary Means of Conveyance, wherein they may be treated and taken Care of, precisely on the same Footing as the National British Troops, by their own Physicians and Surgeons.

The Pay shall commence from the Day of the Review, according to the effective State in which the said Corps shall be delivered, and which shall be verified by a Table, signed by the respective Ministers of the High contracting Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it had been inserted Word for Word in the present Treaty.

Article VII.

As in the before-mentioned Table, the Strength of each Company, of which Four make a Battalion, amounts to One hundred and Sixty-three Soldiers; it must be observed, that in this Number, are comprised Seven Men unarmed, intended, according to the established Custom in the Service, to serve as

Servants to Officers; and it is agreed upon, that these Men shall nevertheless pass Muller as Soldiers in every Respect.

Article VIII.

As it is to be feared, that notwithstanding all the Care made use of, it will not be possible entirely to prevent Desertion, until the Arrival of the Troops at the Place of Embarkation; and his Serene Highness promising to employ every Means in his Power, that the said Corps shall be embarked complete, it is agreed upon, that there shall be at the said Review, Ten lu-pernumerary Men per Company, to supply the Place of Deserters on the March, so that in cale, on the Arrival of the Corps at the Port, the Numbers of Supernumeraries shall exceed that of the Deserters, the Remainder may be distributed amongst the Battalions, and added to the Amount, in order to increasepin such Case, the Levy Money, Pay, &c.; and his Highness engages himself,1 moreover, to cause the said Corps to be escorted by a Detachment of Cavalry, in order to pick up Deserters, procure Quarters, &c. &c.: It being well understood, that the Expences, as Well of the March as of the Return of the Detachment of Cavalry, shall be defrayed by His Majesty.

Article IX.

All the Objects of Pay and Maintenance shall be calculated according to the Tableof the Annual Review, lb that the Vacancies happening from one Review to another, shall not make any Alteration in the State of Payment. His Majesty shall cause these Objects to be paid in Advance every Two Months, either by Assignments payable in Favour of the Hessian Commissioner, upon whatever Chest of His Majesty which may be nearest to the said Commissioner, or in ready Money, to his Serene Highness's Agent in London.

Article X.

A fresh Review shall take place regularly every Year. His Majesty shall give Three Months Notice of the Number of Recruits necessary to complete the Corps, which Number shall be fixed according to the Official Report of the First Day of , so that the Recruits shall be ready to be delivered to the Commis-

fary the First Day of July, at the Place of the First Review, or One Month after, at such Port in,

or at such Place on the Frontiers of the Empire, as His Majesty maj chuse for their Reception. The Term of their Delivery shall be deemed to be that of the new Review, and the Total of the Number of effective Men remaining, according to the Report of the Month of April, added to that of the Recruits delivered to the British Commissary, shall be considered as the effective State of the new Period, and shall not vary until the Review of the following Year.

Article XI.

There shall be paid for each Recruit, armed, equipped, disciplined, and exercised, the Sum of Twenty Crowns Banco, and his Highness the Landgrave takes upon himself the Expences of Transport to the Place of Embarkation, as well as of the Escort, which are to be reimbursed by His Britannick Majesty.

Article XII.

As during the Continuance of this Treaty, it will necessarily occur, that Officers or Soldiers, either for Family Reasons, on Account of Preferment, or for Sick-ness,will be obliged to return Home, His Majesty takes upon himself the Expences of their Transport in the Two former Cafes, as far as the Frontiers of the Empire, and in the latter, to their own Country. His Highness promises in Return to replace the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to whom he may give Penniflion to return (for any other Reason than that of Sickness) at his own/Expence, and without requiring the Consideration for Recruits fixed in the preceding Article, reserving to himself nothing but the Transport from the Frontiers of the Empire, unto the Place of their Destination. Moreover, his'Highness will never recal

art

37 Geo. III. 90 Martiu 381

an Officer or Soldier without urgent Cause, or without having acquainted 11 is Majesty thereof; and he will take Care that the Number of Officers shall be always complete.

Article XIII.

The most Serene Landgrave being at the Charge of furnithing the said Corps with Arms and Cloathing, in consequence of the Pay upon the Footing of English Troops, as agreed upon in thel'e Articles, His Majesty dial I cause iiidemnification to be made for such Loss only in Cloathing, Arm :, and Accoutrements, as shall be occasioned by tome Accident of War or of Voyage, as well as for every Expence incurred in the Transport of thel'e several Articles to the Troops, and all'o of every Thing the y may stand in Need of; it being well understood, that the aforesaid Articles tluill be delivered to the 'English Commillary at the same Time as the Recruits of the Year, in order that the same Vessel may convey both.

Article XIV.

In case an Officer should lole his Equipage, either on his Route, or by l'ome Accident in War, His Majesty shall grant him the same Indemnification as Eng-lijli Officers are allowed in similar Cafes.

Article XX *

His Britamick Majesty grants to his Highriefs the

Sum of'Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, to answer the First Expences of equipping this Corps, Payment of which shall be made immediately after the Signature of this Treaty, and shall be carried to the Account of Levy Money.

Article XXL _

Deserters shall be faithfully delivered Up on both Sides, and neither the Soldiers, nor any other Persons belonging to the Corps of shall be

permitted to settle in the Dominions of His Britannick Majesty.

In Witness whereof, we the undersigned, authorize ed by the full Power of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Side, and of his Serene Highness the lleigning Landgrave of HeJJe Darmjiadt on the other, have signed the present Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Francfort, this Tenth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

(L. S.) C. Craufurd,

(L. S.)

Article XV.

As loon as his Serene Highness shall have put the Corps in a State to march within the Term agreed upon, he shall be considered as having fulfilled his Preliminary Engagements, so that the Payment of the Levy -Money, Subsidy, anil Pay, shall take place according to the aforesaid Determination, even in case His Majesty, on Account of l'ome unforeseen Event, should not think proper to have the Corps reviewed, or to cause it to march or embark.

_ Article XVI.

If before the Period of the Review, His Britannick Majesty shall find himself disposed to renounce this Treaty entirely, his Serene Highness shall receive, under the Title of Indemnification:

1 ft. The Levy Money.

2nd. The Equipage Money allowed to the Officers.

3rd. Three Months Pay for the Whole of the droops, according to the Table annexed to the Second Article, &c.

4th. One Year's Subsidy.

Article XVII.

At the End of Six Years His Britannick Majesty shall fend back the Corps, at the Dispolhl of his High-' ness, in the same State in which it was taken into His Service, and being at the entire Expence of transport -ing, until their Arrival at Darmjiadt. It being understood that His Majesty shall not pay the Levy Money for the Men who may be wanting at that Time, except in the same where he shall have failed to inform the Serene Landgrave of it Six Months beforehand, in order to save i.is Highness the Expence of a new Completion. If by Accident the Return should be retarded, the Treaty shall be tacitly prolonged, for One Year, in every Rupedt, and a certain Sum shall be agreed upon as an Equivalent for Levy Money, in proportion to the prclent Arrangement.

Article XVIII.

If His Majesty should think proper, after the Expiration of the Six Years fixed for the Duration of this Treaty, to keep the said Corps for some Years longer, his Highness consents to it beforehand, and it will be then only necessary to make an' Arrangement respecting the Levy and Equipage Money for the Officers, which will be calculated according to the Proportions of the present Treaty.

Article XIX.

H is Serene Highness reserves to himself the Jurisdiction over his Troops, as well as all Dilpositions respecting Promotion, Discipline, and interior Administration.

Voi . 52.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. /

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Petition of principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint,

in the County of Northumberland, was prel'ented to againife New-' the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, Bill, or nearly from, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to, or nearly to, Hay don Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland; and Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint Johniceaforesaid, and the Churchyard belonging thereto, are situate at the Summit, and near to the South West Point of a Hill, of which the South and West Sides arc extremely steep, and the Stratum or Soil is lb very looie and gravelly, that, unless supported and kept together by the Roots of Trees, as it now is, it would not stand, and the Line of the intended Canal being laid along the Face , of the South and W ell Sides of such Hill, and very near to the Church, the Petitioners are adviled, and are indeed very apprehensive, that the Cutting of the Ground, in order to make such Canal, and the Leakage of the Water through lb loose a Soil from the Canal when made, will undermine and Ifet down a considerable Part of the Churchyard, and put the Church it -self in very imminent Danger, if not entirely overthrow it, to the great Lois and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Owners of Lands lying between the Town of Newcajlie upon Tyne, d BUI. ' and a certain Place called Haydon Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, was all'o preferred to the House, and read; Likewiie taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That such Canal cannot tend to the Improvement of any Part of the Lands through which the same is proposed to pass, or those in the Neighbourhood of its intended Line, and that they are advised, and are ready to prove, that the same cannot be of Public Utility, for that Coals, Lime, and Liniestone, may be conveyed at a cheaper Rate by Land than by the W ater Carriage proposed by Means of tins Canal, and that all the Lead, and the greatest Proportion of the Merchandize,-and other Articles, to be carried upon the Canal, mull first be carried many Miles by Land Carriage to reach the said Canal, and at the castle End thereof, be conveyed for the Space of a Mile by Land Carriage, directly through the Town of New-

S E

v

Petition of Mr. Errington, &c. again It Newcaltle upon Tyne Canal Bill.

Militia Pay Bill, committed.

Committee on American Trade Acts.

383 $ Mar tit. A. 1797.

castle; and that, In case the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Canal be completed, the Inhabitants under the Line of Canal would be kept not only in continual Dread and Apprehension, but in an actual State of Danger, from the Consequences that might happen by a Failure in the Aqueduct projecting over a deep and rapid Branch of the Tyne, or any of the Banks thereof, particularly in Times of Flood, when the Banks would be eXposed to an extraordinary Weight of'Water, the Line of the said Canal running upon a Level much higher than the Lands adjoining thereto on the South, and being in Extent no less than Thirty-one Miles, without the Relief of a Angle Lock, taking its Supply of Water, as it necessarily mull, from the River Tyne, at Haydon Bridge; and that most of the Roads, which would be interfefted by the Canal, are already extremely steep, and by erecting Bridges across the Canal, many of them would become impassable: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same Jnay not pass into a Law.

A Petition of John Errington, Beteicke, John

Hodson, and John Hunter, Esquires, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying on the North Side of the River Tyne,between the Town of upon Tyne,

and a certain Place called Haydon Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners arc Owners.of very considerable Estates through which the Line of the proposed Canal runs; that they each have ancient Family Seats on their Estates, in which they respectively relide, and that the proposed Line of Canal, by running so near thereto, will not only become a great Annoyance to the Petitioners, and the future Occupiers of their said Family Seats, and, by dividing their Pleasure Grounds and Gardens, expose their Property to Depredations of all Sorts, but render their Seats unfit for Residence, and this too after immense Sums have been laid out by the Petitioners on their respective Seats, the Grounds and Gardens, and in the Buildings thereon; and that the Petitioners, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law', will be injured in many other liefpefts: And therefore praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, by their Counsel, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitiee of the W'hole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited

" Time, certainPowers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, " made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade " and Commerce of this Kingdom with the Co-

" ionics and Plantations in America, with respect to " certain Articles therein mentioned ;" and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " Territories belonging to the United States of " so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce " carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United " States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all outftunding Advances made by the Bank of England for the Public Service; dillinguiflung

the Date of the Advances respectively, together with the Amount of Interest due on the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Q'ueftion being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Increase or Decrease in the Amount of Bills dif-counted by the Bank of England in the Week ending on Saturday the 4th of March, compared with the Week ending the 25th of February 1797;

It paflecl in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bilis itfued under the Authority of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for railing " the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities;" distinguishing the Amount issued in the Months of January, February, and March 1797; and also distinguishing the Rate of Discount at which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; the Discount on Bills

ill'ucd

reported.

Bill ordered.

Account of outJtanding Advances made by the Bank, ordered-

Motion for in Account of Bills uilcounted by the Bank.

Neg.

Account of Exchequer Bills iliutd under Act for raising a Sum by Annuitiei, ordered.

V

37 Geo. III. 90 — 10° Martii.. 383

issued in January to be Rated on an Average of the port and Maintenance of the Poor was committed, be

Discount on the different Sums issued in that Month, taken into further Confidctation upon this Day Fort-

and the Discount on Bills issued since the 31st of Ja- night, the 23d Day of this Instant March.

nuary, to be stated according to an Average of the Dif- Ord, That the Bill to amend the Laws respecting Bid to amend

count on the different Sums issued in each Day, to the Vagrancy, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morn- deierred.1 1

latest Period, distinguishing each Day. ing next.

Reports from Committee of Seu eev, con-£daed.

Ril! for confirm ill:; ind continuing Minute ci Council, or-daed *

Committee of $ec~ccy revived.

InErutfioru

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the several Reports which, upon the 3d and 7th Days of this Instant March, were rruide from the Committee of Secrecy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Reports were again read.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

The House accordingly refclved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when-the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committer, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Rill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction, contained in the Minute of Council of the 261)1 of February last, on Payments of Cafii by the Bank.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February last, on Payments of Calli by the Bank: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Chancellor of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1enerisj i o° Martii;

Anno 370 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the ie-veral Hamlets or Tithings of All cannings and A!ling-ion, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Paftiires, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Allcannings and AUingtcn, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. JoJJiua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Allcannings

and r iling-lon Iiiciniure

Bill, passed.

Motion for adding Mr. Fox.

Ncfir.

the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr Douglas also reported from the said Committee, That he was direeled by the Committee to move the House, that the said Committee of Secrecy be revived.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee of Secrecy be revived.

Mr. Douglas likewise reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that it be an Instruction to the said Committee of Secrecy, to enquire into the Necessity of issuing the Minute of Council of the 26th of February last, and to report their Opinion to the House concerning such NeceiTity, and what Hull appear to them to have been the Causes which produced the fame.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Iriftrudti m to the said Committee of Secrecy, to enq uire into the Necessity of iftiiing the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February last, and to report their Opinion to the House concerning such Necessity, and what shall appear to them to have been the Cauies which produced the fame.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thnbergh, in the West Riding of the County of York) was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act; for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Town ship of Daltoiiy in the several Pari'flies of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

D.ilton Inclo

fur? Bill,

pulled.

Mr.

and Berkeley Canal Bill, reported.

pilt. That the Right honourable Charles James Fox be added to the said Committee of Secrecy;

The House divided.

1 he Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f } 60.

mi, r 1 a- (Mr. Douglas, Tellers for the Noes, {

So it passed in the Negative.

j l

PforBiJ],de-

tc.ad.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Sup-Vol. 52.

John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Provisionin the Gioucejlerand Berkeley Canal, was referred; That Glouceftw

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Welles being examined, laid. That it would

be very advantageous to all Parties interested in the Bill now depending, for varying the Line, of the cester and Berkeley Canal, if Provision was made therein, to amend the Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making the said Canal; as well for the further Satisfaction and Security of the Land and Mill Owners, and the Proprietors of the Stroud Canal Navigation, as for the better Management and internal Regulation of the said Canal Company.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the G/ouccJler and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said CanaJ, so as to render the Execution thereof

more

V

rtjnfTonlHer's Nat. Bill, committed.

F.'.irCwS Rime Bill, read.

Old Stratford Roads KiU, reported.

Mi'.bronVe n-mvh Bill, p.uiWi.

TvcahI A (Tent r Bills.

3 84. 10° Mar til A, 1797.

more easy, expeditious, and less expensive, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, and also, a Cut to or n'eaf the Tow ft of > in the County of GlouceHer. '

A- Bill for naturalizing Lewis John Marie Haujfoullier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ' Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Mordnunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester,so far ns relates to the Road leading from a Gate called Shi of on Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, through and

Shipfon upon Slower, to the 1'of of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed- Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrookin the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's' Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

' Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the 4

Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein-mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Higffness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followetfi; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and ' for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act to suspend, for a limited Tilne, the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for retraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failure, and.all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swap-field, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Inwithin, or belonging to, the said Parish of and to the

Parish of Corby, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campion cum She ford, in tiic County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York

An Act for naturalizing Henry:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County -of Berwick, was read the Third Time-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Bet > wick.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the Floufe, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Wef Cow-gate, near the Town of Newcafie upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton Higham Dykes,

Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South to

the North Side of the River in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road leading from the said Road to t,he AlemouthTurnpike Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs and . Burgesses of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and of several Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants residing in Bridgnorth, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred -r That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,' and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,. Mr.

Thomas

Eyemouth Harbour Bid paiied.

NewcafHt, Sx« Roads BiiJj preknted *

Bridgnorth bridge Petition, re ported.

37 Geo. III.

io

Martii.

385

Thomas Telford being examined, said, That the Carriage Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth hath, from the Violence of the Floods, been so greatly damaged, as to be rendered very dangerous for the FaiTage of Persons, Cattle, and Carriages; and that the Avenues leading from the said Bridge are very narrow and incommodious: That it is of great Con-

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of fe- cnijrc (I veral Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-fe-venth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years

committed,

sequence to the Inhabitants of Bridgnorth, and to the of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and republic, that the present Bridge should be effectually paring the Roads from of Glasgow to

repaired, and the Avenues leading from the same bridge and Easter Grange, in the County of Renfrew, widened, and rendered safe and convenient, or that and other Roads in the said County, and for making a new Carriage Bridge should be built over the said and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, River, at or near the Place where the present Bridge branching from, or connected with, the Roads men-

now Brands, and proper Avenues opened and made from the said Bridge: And,

Mr. Jof'ph Smith being examined, said, That the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing or re-building the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues, thereto: And that Air. Whit more and Air. Hawkins Browne do

tioned in the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M Dow all, Mr. Fergufon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Fife Roads StatuteLabour Bill, committed.

A Bill to embank and drain the Open and Unem- Walcot, Tim-banked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales beriand,&c.

Head Dyke and the River Wit ham, in the several Town- BiTl" com-ships or Hamlets, and Parishes, of Walcot, mined.

Thorpe, Martin, Linwood, and Blanhiey, all

Bill for regulating and converting the Statute in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tweed Fisheries Pe--iion, reported.

Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An-

frather, Mr. Allardyce, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Bnrdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Fidieries in the River Tweed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Ala-Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of rine Forces while on Shore.

His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Alouth or Entrance of the said River, were read: And, -

Mr. Farrow Flarshall being-examined, said, That the Provisions and Regulations of the said Acts have, to a certain Degree, been found useful and beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fisheries, but that the said Acts require Amendment and Alteration."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual.

Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Ele-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Ellison,

Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambet.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Liverpool and Order, a- Bill- to continue the Term, and alter and p;fjfc°teRoad enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year ienteS! of His present Majesty's Reign, for more 'effectually -repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, Ashton, and Warrington, and' other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ala- Var'ne jesty's Alarine Forces while on Shore, was read the ' ' Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th<f Title

Roads Bill, presented.

Ordered, That the Lord Arden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wallop presented to the House, according to Bnfmgstoke, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Amiover,&c. and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Bajingfoke, through

Overton, Whitchurch, Hurfborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Pari (It of

flow, in the County of Wilts, and of another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Paiflcy Lone and Renfrew Road Bill, committed.

venth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His pre- Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said sent Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of Act, for including the Road from over

~..... tO' as directed by an Act, made in

the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover through Charlton towards Tangier, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from to Sarfon , and

also the Road through the said Town of Bajingfoke, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and also within the Alouth or Entrance of the said River: And that Air. Bnrdon and the Earl of do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present" Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll lloule in PaijleyLone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at a Second Time.

ved.That the Bill be committed to Air.

was reat

Re for

Ordered, That Air. Fergufon be added to the Gen- Member M‘Dowall, Mr. Fergufon, &c.: And they are to meet tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ad d|tt"brins

5 R RBI amend Ait

VOL. 5:

386 io 0 Martii.1797.

to exP a in an amend an Act, made in this present land for the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a Amiy aiicl " certain Number of Men, in the several Counties,

uV>' " Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part

u of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of " His Majesty's Army and Navy."

Bill predated. Mr. Fergufon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,." An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service \ " of His Majesty's Army and Navy And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Timd upon Monday Morning next.

House re solves Re/shed, That this House will, at the Rising of the

Monday ° House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Member Ordered\ 7diat Colonel Lennox be added to the

tn nkw?m"n Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Xncloiurc Bill, in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Diddington, otherwise Doding-ten, in the County of Huntingdon.

Bill presented, Colonel Lennox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of jDiddingtouy otherwise Do ding ton, in the County of Huntingdon; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added to bring in Drayton Parlloivlnclo-iure Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vanjittart be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Pa-rifli of Drayton Pinflow, in the County of Buckingham.

Billpresented.

Report from Committee appointed to consider of promulgating Statutes, to be considered.

American Trade Bill, p relented.

Mr. George Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common PaRures, and other Commonable and M alle Lands, in the Parish of Drayton , in

the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; ami read the Fir It Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 5th Day of December lait, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the fame, with their Observations, to the House, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cdnfider of the said Report.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of , so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to Selea Com-examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the IntereR and Charges attending the examine the fame, as they Rood on the 5th of January 1797; diRin-guishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5 th of Ja- Debts, &c. nuary 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exiRed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House:

likewise to examine and Rate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outRanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or eRimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being proposed. That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Balloting. '

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the QueRion, by inserting after the Word " be" the Word " now."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of April 1782, of the Appointment of a Committee to enquire into, and Rate to the House, the Amount of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, between the 5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, with the Annual IntereR payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes granted towards paying the IntereR of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof; and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and which Committee was directed to be cholen by Way of Balloting, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of March 1778, of the Appointment of a Committee to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which were laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and 1778, and which Committee was directed to be chosen by Way of Balloting; and of the Report which, upon the 2d Day of April following, was made of the Names of the Members to be the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the QueRion being put, That the Word " now" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

rp 11 r , 1 xt Mr. Ghai les F'oi ke. Tellers for the Noes, s h.

40.

12

Jm

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Refohedy That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Monday next, at Four of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger

and

To be chosen by BaHot *

37 Geo. III.

io° — 130

387

w

it

k

k

Question previous N eg. rdbecting the Effects of the Bank.

and Thumb, be put into the Glaflcs, at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they lerve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That, it appearing to this Hpufe that the Effects of the Bank, on the 25th Day of February last, amounted to£. 17,597,280, and that the outstanding Demands on the Bank amounted to £. 13,770,390; and it further

appearing that there is owing to the Bank by Government, for Advances made for the Public Service, the Sum of £.9,964,413, exclusive of the permanent Debt due from Government of £ 1 i,6S6, Soo, it is highly expedient, as well for the Honour of His Majesty's Government as for the Re-ellablillunent of Public Credit, that the lpecdieft Measures should be taken for the Re-payment to the Bank of the said Advances, or a considerable Part thereof;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

A

Luna, 130 die Martii;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Praters.

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moreton Cor-Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Pa- jiIricl0"

rill.es of Moreton Corbet, Shawbury, Stanton upon committed

Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. 1

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred#

Teller, for the Yeas. {J£ } 45-

Telle for the Noes, fJZf } l8S'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to ties o and Denbigh

An ingrafted Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from IVem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Abb for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from IVem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks

at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Coun-

Wem Roads Bill, passed.

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Neivland, from Account of

" ' - - - — ou :lhind;ng(

Advances made by the Bank, pre fenieJ.

the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of outstanding Advances made by the

Britain called England, for the Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Year One thousand

Pay and Cloathing of the Militia inthat Part of Great Bank of England for the Public Service to the 9th of

~ " March 4797, with the Amount of Interest due on the

laine.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 5:.

An

j.

,388 130 Mart . 1797.

An ACCOUNT of Outstanding Advances made by the Bank of England for the Public Service, to the 9th of March 1797; with the Amount of Interest due on the fame.-

Advances on Land and Malt 1794

n 1795

1796

1797

Interest due thereon to 9th March 1797 -

Advances on Exchequer Supply Bills;

Consolidated Fund 1796 Vote of Credit - - 1796

337.000

467.000

2.367.000

2.750.000

1

08,220

Interest due thereon to 9th March 1797;

On Consolidated Fund 1796 - -- - - -- - 35,56 o

On Vote of Credit - - 1796 - -- -- - 25,030

Interest due on Supply Bills, the Principal of which is discharged;

On Supply Bills 1795, from the 15th dug 1795 to the 15th Oil'

1796.....66,300

On Vote of Credit 1795, from the 26th dug' 1795 to the 5th '

1796..... 95,140

On Consolidated Fund 1795, from the 15th 1795 to 17th

Jany 1797 - 65,350

Advances on Treasury Bills to 9th March1797 - - - - v

Interest on Treasury Bills undischarged to the 9th of March 1797 - - 182,040

Interest to the t 8th Nov' 1796, on Advances to the Lords of the Treasury, the Principal of which is discharged - '.- 4,800

Advanced to the Lords of the Treasury on Exchequer Bills, to 9th

March 1797 ——

Interest on D8 to 9th March 1797 - -- -- - - - 230

5,921,000

1,323,000

821,400

1,643,210

250,000

9,958,610

Loan to Government on Unclaimed Dividends, without Interest

£ 580,670

Total of Int *

376>73°

IO>335>34°

- 580,670

10,916,010

d. Neve land, Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be pent fed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies 01 the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Member Ordered, That Lord George Hairy

added tobring be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to pre-Ind TcbTe" pare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of Indoijre Bill, the Petition of the Right honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates, 9

having Right of Common upon the Moors, Commons,

Common Meadows, Wastes, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Liberties of Sapperlon and Macklcy,or one of them, in the Pari Hi

of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

Lord George dngullusHenry Capresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, cio.Ure Bill, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, presented. and Waste Grounds, called Lea hi cor, or Sapper ton Moor, within the Township or Liberty of Sapperlon, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby, and Hare Hill, within the Townships or Liberties of

- Sapperlon

'lie

:o

:cd

1:3

petition of Proprietors of Fisheries in

Soutlnmpton ;ind Wilts, reported.

Northampton Paving Bill, patented.

37 Geo. III.

130 Ma

B89

Sapperton and Blackley, or one of them, in the said Parish Mr. Whitbread present eel to the House, according to El flow inclo«

of Chunk Broughton; and for dividing, allotting, and Order, a Bill for dividing and molding the Common inclosing, all and every the Commons, Common Me a- and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

dows, Common Pastures, Waites, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, in Sapperton and Mack ley aforesaid, or either of them: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

(Old Stmt ford } ' Bill,

paiiwtl.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers whom the Bill for

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of lUflow, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the Firfc Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to RuiflouiHer *

naturalizing

Lewis John Marie

of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Havflbuilicr, was committed; Thai the Committee had Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick and

Nat. Bill, reported.

Gloucester, lo far as relates to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon Toil Gate, at Bridge-Town, in the Panin of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Ship-Jigk upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hi!!, in the said County of I Par wick, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House , without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrosse<

lech

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gentle- Member ad.f-

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Earl of Sandwich, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be-Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty," for repairing ing Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, in, the Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, in

ed to bring in Eyneibuiy Inclosurt Bill *

and Gloucester, lo far as relate to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon Toll Gate, at Bridge-Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Shipflon upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of King George the Firit, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the fe-verai Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, were read: And,

Mr. William Smith being examined, laid, That the Time limited by the last mentioned A eft for taking Salmon and other Fish in the said Rivers, has been found very prejudicial to the Proprietors of the said Fisheries, to the Preservation whereof it is conceived necessary that further Powers lhouid be granted.-Ai r. Thomas Snelgeove being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Firit Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and I Tilts: And that Air. Amyatt and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Parish of Eynesbury, in the County of Huntingdon.

Air .'John Pitt preferred to the House, according to Bill presenteti Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Ejncjbu.ry, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First 1 imc.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added to bring in Barrow Incio-

Ordered, That Air. John Pitt be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Mar- tore Bill, maduke Ne/fon Graburn, Esquire, William Graburn,

Esquire, John Upp/ebv, Esquire, Thomas Scrivener, John Harder, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Barrow in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bill prc&nted. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and7 Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. IJawkins Browne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing or re-building the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Rejhived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bridgnorth Bridge Bill, patented.

according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of " Northampton, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances there-in," and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 52.

The Lord Keith reported from the Committee, to Petition for whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names p).ov ,fia are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands chekmamm

and Perth Roads Bill, reported.

Mr. Bouverie of Northampton presented to the House, within the County of C/ackmanan, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to include the Road deforibed in the Petition till the Time limited for pi vine; the Notices had elapled; that the said Road is only One Mile and an Half in Length, and the forming and keeping the same in proper Repair will be of great public Convenience to the Country; and that the Owners of the Lands lying near, and adjoining to, the said Read,

HG are

39«

13° Martii.

A.

1797.

are conferring, and desirous that the same should be done; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Floufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as tolloweth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circv.mstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given Three Times in the Newspaper called The Edinburgh Advertizer, in the pretent Month of March, and by 'affixing the same on all the Turnpike Gates erected under the Authority ot an Act,

Over Ke/let Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellct, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afleHcd to the Land Tax at £.2. 4s. $d. a Year, who were again!! the Inclosure, and also the Owners of Estates affeifed at /. 6. 16 s. 11 d. a Year, who were neuter, and also the Owners of Estates aHeiled at 8 s. 7 d. a Year, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 23. gs. id. per Annum; and that no Person appeared belore the

A tcliam and Dorri niton Bond Bill, prellnted.

passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of 1Jis Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commit-rei'ent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clack- ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question lcverally put thereupon,' were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" manen and Penh" and on the Church Doors of the Parish or Pari lives through which such additional Road L to pals, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from At 1 hum through Condover to Dorrington; and also the Road brandling out of the said Road at a Place called Alyield Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shrezvfbury to Ludlow, at a Place called Hougcvhili, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the Firth lime.

Revived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ingroUed.

Mr. Stmt ex reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, aiictting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel ot Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Hatton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Mr. James Loza! her presented to the House, accord- been complied with; and that the Committee had

ing to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and im- examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

H/Iton Inclo sure Mill, repo; ted.

MiIn(!iorpsnd Kirk by Lonf-

d ! Road _ ( _

£iilamented, proving, the Public High Road leading from Miln thorp to Kirk by Lonsdale,in the County of Westn: orient d: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

red, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

tTolwell. Scr. lndoiurc Bill, jvefeuted.

Re/d

Mr. Dickinson Senior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ievcral Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Ievcral Manors of Holwell and Woodbridge,

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diVefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there -

and in the Parish of liolvcdl, in the County of Somfr- upon, were agreed to by the House.

Somerton. &c. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Over Kcllrt J nclosure Bill, reported.

set: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be -read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson Senior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and W alee Lands, within the several Parishes ot Somerton and Compton Dundon, and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called South-mead and King s Moor, lituate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingjdon, Northover, and J/chfhr, and the Hamlets or Tithings of IVidcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or One of them; and also so much of a certain Allotment or draft of uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, Am the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of Somerset: And the same v\as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called

Ordered, ingrafted.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Petition of those Pri (oners, confined for Debt in L'incaller His Majesty's Gaol, the Caitle of Lancaster, who have J? orsPet -taken, and those who mean to take, the Benefit of the Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of lnlblvent Debtors, was presented to the House, and read; Stating their deplorable Condition on account of the high Price of Provisions, as out of the small Pittance of Four Pence per Diem they have to provide for every Necessary: And praying, That such Alteration may be made, in the Allowance granted by the Acts now in force, as to keep them from periIhing through Want.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called

T

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, *

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of

the

tion of London guinlt London Docks, &c.

Bill.

37 Geo. III. 130

ir the Bill for making; Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and

t . other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se-

;. curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within

J the Fort of London; and Setting forth. That the Mayor

e and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of,

i have, from Time immemorial, anti by virtue of, and

i under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by

c divers Acts of Parliament, had and exercised, and

ought and have accuHomed themselves to have and exercise, the Otfice of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his l'ufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames; that is say, from the Bridge of the Town of in

the County of MidJ/efex, and towards the East unto

den Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called aV/a/u./, otherwise otherwise towards the

Sea and lva.il, and in die die ay, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatever Banks, and u'pon every Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same \\ filter of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, ali and every of them, and all'o, for all the Time aforesaid, held Jurisuiction over the lame, and have.had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Uie, by the Mayor of the same City for the dime being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office ot Bailiff; and that, if the find Bill should pass into a Law as it now .:; r Hands, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners

will be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has fiourished for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London and the Kingdom in general, will, in a very material Degree, be removed to a new Scite, out of the Controul and tiupcrintendence, as weil as out of the Care and Protection, of the Petitioners; and that such Removal will not only be a Violation of the ancient CuRoms and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most ruinous and dil-. trefling Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whole Property, or the Profits of whole Labour and InduRry, in a great Measure, depend upon the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being; continued to be carried on within the Limits and JurisUiction of the said City: And therefore praying. That they may be heard against such Tarts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Bights and Privileges, or otherwise aftecl them, and that the same may not pais into.a Law as it , now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the h., Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

land Tax The Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti-' e tuied, 44 An Act for granting an Aid to IJ is Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred I 44 and Ninety-leven," (being ingrossed) was, accord-

ing to Order, read the Third Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to 1 iis Majesty by ay Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

Vol. 52.

Mar lit. 39I

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Sc wit ‘t hundred and Ninety-leven."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an AiR, AcHorniiing

1 . n- 1 rr» i- 11 Mm in Scot-

made in this present Session or Parliament, intituled, fend for the " An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in Army and " several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and mirted.C°ni " Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

" for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcjolved, That the Bid be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Amerio?n Reading of the Bill to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rcjolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Grew Wilbra. the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, g commit-6 Commonable Lands, Commons, anti YVaRe Grounds, ted.' within the Parish of Great IVHbraham,in the County of Cambridge, wxas read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bid be committed tp Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.4

A Bill for dividing, allotting, incloiing, and laying Little wil-in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waite ndueJ. , C°m Grounds, within the Parish of Little in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Rcjolved, 'lhat the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Tenons, whose Names are Petition fig-thereunto lublcribed, being Proprietors of Etlatcs in Rat

TT I; I t , ,» i . Notices had

Uaaaeunam Level, in the file or E/y, was presented to been given of the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 13th Day of December Jaft, Notices were affixed on the Church Drainage- Bill.

Doors of Sutten, Haddenham,// 7/'bur ton, Stret

zv or I h, and Thetjord,in the We of Ely, and County of

Cambridge, in the Month of January jail, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in|hc Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Drainage and Prefer-, vation of Haddenham Level, in the lile ot Ely, in tuch and the like Manner as arc required to be given by the Standing Orders of the Iloule relative to Bills of

Drainage:

c

39

130 Mar tit.

A. 1797.

Drainage': And therefore praying, That Leave may be chequer may attend the said Committee touching the given to bring in a Phil i -r the Purposes aforesaid, under laid Examination, when desired.

BtlW for Select Committee to ex 'mine tly A'-v'vr.v of the Pul»lic IXbts, &c.

such Regulations and RHhiclicns as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, Tlur the bud Petition be referred to the Consideration or a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Torke, General Adieane, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lilts, to be put into Glaifes, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be. the Select Committee appointed to examine and Hate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Intcrcfl and Charges attending the lame, as they Hood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishir.g what Part thereof had arilen lince the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5tlx of Ja;:\n v 1797, of tire Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the A January 1 79g; and 01 the Pro-duc; ‘

<'!\a }\-ii

i !m

c:

cl the lcvei'j 1 Taxes provided for defraying the in-

Ch 2 rg? of th

Public

Debt, within the said

!od; and 10 report their Observarions thereon to 1 ft; u'c: IAiwife to examine and ilatc the Amount uiv iiiada !.d Debt or Demands outtlanding on the

5m oi th

Puna

:97

1 of the l\: eded dotal Amount fences lor the V ear ending the jth of January 17(/;, as far as the same can now be alcer-taimd or ellimaled by the several Offices;

ot

ays

together and Means that have

wiLII me Am runt been pruv.tftcl 10 deivay the lame, be now read.

And the fud Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Recuchs, and Places adjacent, and liunmon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

upon Friday lad, directing the Me-

Tiie Order, made u:

its into dalles, was read.

The Lor.u iIcIkc Mr.

( h iiu 11 :r r.f r ik K>.t livtr liiuv a u nci a St t ret Com-iir.ttce.

thiod of putting the hud L

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according t :> that Order, those v.ho then appeared le-verailv put the Lifts by them prepared into the Glalies at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken clown.

And their Names being again called over, several of

D

those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lifts by them prepared into the said Glalies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. George Henry Rye, Mr. Angerfiein, Sir David Carnegie,

' Mr. diaries Torke, Mr. Stratum, Mr. Felioives % Air. Dudley North, Mr. IT hi thread, Mr. Aikinjon, Mr. Tyr-zehitt, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gaujjin, Mr. Ellison, Sir John IVodehouse: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber,

A Me f Page from the Lords, by Air. Smith and Mr.

Sdncon: s

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint tins ! !ouie, 'i unt the Lords having under the Examination of a S'.-eret Committee, Matters relative to the Cannes which produced the Order of Council of the 26th Day < i 1 ehruary kill, their Lordships do delire, that this H'/uft will give Leave, that Air. Chancellor of the Ex-

And then the Alcllengers withdrew.

o

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said

Me 11 age.

O __

Refolded, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Leave iveni have Leave to go to the Lords, as is deli red by their Lordships in their said Meilage, if he thinks fit.

And, the Mcliengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the McHenuers again withdrew.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming and for a Time to he limited, the Restrieiion

continuing,

Bill fur cgii« tinning ar.l continuing Minute or

contained in the Minute ot Council, of the 26th of Council, pre-

And

Kiitco.

Innkeepers- Bill, ordered.

Bill to rurend Vagrant L'ws, committed.

February last, on Payments of Caili by the Bank the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subfstence to We paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. St tele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to amend the Laws respeefting Vagrancy, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hen-niker Major, Mr. Alainzea ing, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being pro- Questionpre-poied. That the Extent of the Supplies voted to Government since the Commencement of the present quiiyinto War, having can led lo heavy an increale of Taxes, it is M°TsotRe *

A . - J r , trend'.men: m

the Duly of this House to enquire whether some he- the Expcmii-lief to the' Burthens of the People, or Provision for nircoi Public future Expence, may n t be obtained by the Reduction 01]''V of useless l>laccs. Sinecure Offices, exorbitant Fees in Offices, and other Modes of Retrenchment in the Expenditure of the Public Money;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The 1 louie divided. The Noes went iorth.

Tellers for the Vo

Tellers for the N

in:

<Mr. ( Mr. J-r.

St-

P icrney: Canning, (Air. S a re cut:

/r

169.

So it passed in the Negative.

Air. Hobart reported from the Commitfee, who were appointed to examine the Lifts of Fifteen Persons Names to be the Select Committee ordered upon Friday last to be appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Intercfland Charges attending the fame, as they flood on th.e 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arilen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Paxes which existed previous to the th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the inercafed Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Ob-iervations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands

Report of Members to be the Select Committee to examine the Amount of the Public Debts, &c.

>1

_ I

37 Geo. III.

i f — 140 Martii.

393

mands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences to His Majesty.

for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as That this House will, upon

the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Ways an J Means, deferred.

Militia Pay

Bill, deterred.

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right honourable Thomas Steele Charles Abbots Esquire - -

Thomas Stanley, Esquire. -Francis Gregor, Esquire

John Hi/ey Addington, Esquire - -

IViiiiam Baker, Elciuire -

7 „ X,

Charles 7'orke, Esquire -The Right honourable Dudley Ryder Henry Thornton, Esquire - -

Roiv/and Bur don, Esquire -Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire -John Crewe, Esquire - -

The Honourable St. Andrew St. John John Harr if on, Esquire ----- Richard Brindfley Sheridan, Esquire

12S

127

I25

123

123 123 123 121 121 12 r 121 121 109 106 104

called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Martii j

Anno 37° Georgii III. U Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Lavingtonunto and through the Town of The , to the House

known by the Name of The Green in Seend, in

Devizes Rttida Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of the County of Wilts, and from Ford, through Tie

them, do meet Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, Devizes Market Place, to join the Turn-

in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for pike Road near , and from the East End of

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit, and to report their Proceedings, from 'Lime to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Right honourable Charles James Fox be added to the said Committee;

The House divided.

1110 Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. Sheridan,

Tellers for the Noes

f Mr.

' j Mr. h

75-

148.

Lord John Townshend John Eliot,

'IVailac

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be ail Instruction to the said Committee, that they do (late an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public

of J

1786; of the Amount of

Debt lince the 5th

the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exiting.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the

Devizes aforesaid to the lop of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

j

A Bill for more effectually amending, improving, and Newcastle,&c.

1 * 1 p ' j r j? if n r 6 , Roads Bill,

keeping in Repair, the Road lrom the Heft Cowgate, committed, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton Ponteland, Hig/uvn Dykes, Newham Edge,

BeI say Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River JVanJ'peck, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to Acte inclo-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk, w'as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-

diminilhins; the Total Amount of such Salaries

o

or for and Emoluments, Services.

without Detriment to the Public

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee‘of the Vol. 54.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 37 Acres and z Roods of Land, who are neuter, or could not be found; and that the Whole of the Land, intended to be inclo'ed, consists of 1,607 Acres and 2 Roods; and that no Person ap-

5 H peared

L

394 I4° Marti1797.

peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Peniiione and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Rcwd Petition w om the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names reported; ' are thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of in

the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as the said Act relates to that District of the said Road, lying betwixt Penifione and Sheffield, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Wheat being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far as relates to the District of Road lying between Penifone and Sheffield, and that the said Road is greatly improved; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from lifax to Sheffield,in the West Riding of the County of f ork, so far as the same relates to the Road from Penifone to Sheffield: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Wakehtid Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to R«ds'p«i- whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names tion, reported, are thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York,

' so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from Wake-

field to Sheffield, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of i the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; - and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

M r.. James Wheat being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road from Wakefield

to Sheffield, and that the said Road is greatly improved; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said several Acts be paid off; unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties taken upon tire said Road altered and increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, passed itr the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to in the County of York, so for as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield: And that Mr. and

Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open chewton Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, Mendiplo the Township or Parish of Cheivton in the com tted!'

County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, 8rc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fairfax's to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, N;m,e use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax, pur- comnutl<: suant to the Will of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Parkynsof Bunny Park, in Petition for the County of Nottingham, Baronet, and of the Reve- pentfJa rend William Beet ham. Vicar of the Parish of Bunny, for Bunny in the said County, was presented to the House, tind inclosurc. read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, and divers Open and Unincloled Fields, Meadows, and Pastures; and that the Petitioners are the only Persons having Property, or being any Way interested, in the Premisses, and they have, lince the Time limited by the House for receiving private Petitions was clap led, settled the Terms of an Agreement for inclosing the said Hands and Ground, which, though in their present Situation of very little Value, are capable of being rendered very productive and beneficial to the Public as well as the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That, in Consideration of the G'ir-cumstances above-mentioned. Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to divide and indole the said Common or Waste Ground, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as delired by the said Sir Thomas Parkyns, Baronet, and the Reverend William Beet ham.

Then a Petition of Sir Thomas Parkyns, of Bunny Bunny Inclo-Park, in the County of Nottingham, Baronet, and of the sure

Reverend William Beet ham, V icar of the Parish of Bunny, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Ground, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Rancliffieand Mr. Pierrepodo prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Bill


7-

d;

r.d

lid

‘id

37 Geo. III.

14° Martii,

395

Lekcfter Navigation Bill> commiued-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown; to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of-Tarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Rujhwortiiy Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Otiice of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Def-borov.ghy and Emtnhavi in the County of ham.

Yarmouth

Wilt.

Bucking-

a

V:;.- .

Petition of the

Creditors of the Wanlip Turnpike Road, against Bill.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Liverpool nt the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for more effectually repairing mlucd, and amending the Roads from Liverpool to *

Affrtoih, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lcnctjler, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation and several other Works, in such Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Po-

chin,the Lord Ranchffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors on the Tolls arising on the Wanlip Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Road was heretofore in very-bad Condition, and in many Places ruinous and dangerous, and that the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, have subscribed large Sums of Money for the Purpose of making the same a Turnpike Road and in erecting a Bridge over the River Soar, the Road

through the same being heretofore very dangerous, and Sir Charles reported from the Committee, to Birningham

at some Seasons totally impassable for Horles and Car- whom the Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclosing, the

riages; and that the chief Object in making the said Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths,

Turnpike Road was to supply a large District of Coun- Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

try in the Eastern Part of the County of Leicester with Barningh in the County of Suffolk, was committed;

Coals and that such Coals might be regularly brought That the Committee had examined, and found that

there at a moderate Price at all Seasons of the Year, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

which could not be done before by Reason of the ruin- Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-

ous State of the said Road, and the dangerous Passage mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

of the said River; and that, by Means of the said Road found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

being Turnpike, and the Erection of such Bridge, the cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-

said Object was effected, and the said Road kept in a tisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

proper State of Repair, and the Interest of the respec- Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 9. 19s. a Year;

tive Sums owing on tire said Tolls regularly paid, until who were against the Inclosure, and also the Owners of

the Navigation which crolfes the said Road, and which Estates aflelled at 1. a Year, who were neuter; and

that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is afiefted at £-8y. per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second dime, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

leads from the Loughborough Canal to the Town of Lei-tester, was opened, lince which the Collection and Re- ceipt upon the said Road has been thereby so mate rially reduced as to render it impossible to keep the said Road in a proper State of Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money so owing upon the said Tolls j and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depend ing in the House to explain and amend the Act of Parliament, and to increase the Tonnage Rates'of the Com pany of Proprietors of the said Navigation: And there-' fore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill to indemnify the Petitioners against the Reduction of the said Tolls occasioned by the said Navigation, otherwise the Securities for the Monies subscribed as aforesaid will be totally destroyed, and the Road left in a most ruinous State, or that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, relative thereto or otherwise relieved, as to the Wisdom and Justice of the House shall l'eem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation to

finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in such Act mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit -Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Commit lee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Wing Incl6-fvre Bill, passed.

VOL.

52 *

ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of was read

the Third Times

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. TyrwhittDrake do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Drayton Par-and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common bhT, coni-1UfC Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in mitted. the Pari so of Drayton Parjlozc, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ft) Mr.

Mr. Hobart, ftc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

t

Diddington Inclosure Bill, committed.

Bill to amenti Act for railing Men in Scotland for the Army and Navy, deferred.

Account of Mercers Company, pre-lented.

Bill For preventing Dele rt ion of Seamen, committed.

Committee on American Trade Bill.

396 140 Martii. A. 1797.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Diddington, otherwise- Dodingto, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorkc, Lord Viscount Hinching&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Number of Men, in the l'everal " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the " Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Clerk

to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1795 to the 10th of October 1796, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of - the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of ."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Gascoyne, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they "had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee, of the Committee on whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge gjj‘tu of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members being then found to be present;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. AFDozvall have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to allow allow the Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland to scotHidto" issue N otes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, iiruecertain for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Notts, order *

Colonel Ful/arton, and Mr. Secretary do pre- e ‘

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,.That Mr. Grey have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly, That the Order, made upon the 22d Day of February lait, for taking into Confederation, upon Thin flay next, the Petition of Sir John Hauler[on,ot For del. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Oafs or District of Boroughs, consisting of Inverheithing, Dun-fermling, Culrofs, Queeusferry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called 'Scotland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Qucllion being put, That the said Order be dil'charged;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr. The Lord *

0 . , 0 J have a<:-ree<J»

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sk-pbridge Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Bill.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York over to roughbridge, in the County of Yorkv\ ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Punt inda-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- 1UI<: ' mons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tm s Act for naturalizing Peter Andrezo Runquij:; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- JlhAmviiding the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- ments. ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Baling ft eke, through Popham Lane, Sutton

Scotney, and Stock-bridge, in the County of to a Place called Lobcom bCorner, in the County of Wilts-, with l'ome Amendments; to which Amendments

Bifl to allow the Banks in Scotland to ifiie certain Notes, pre-leuted.

37 Geo. III.

14

Martii.

397

ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. FTDowallprefeated to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to allow the Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland to issue Notes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. M'Do wall have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a- Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Turnpike Road near Wanfdyke, and frorti the East End of Devizesaforesaid to the Top of Red Hone , in

the said County of Wilts, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from W , unto and through the Town of The , to the House

known by the Name of The Green in in

the County of Wilts, and from Rowde Ford, through The Devizes Market Piace, to join the Turnpike Road near Wanfdyke, and from the East End of The Devizes aforesaid to the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of W

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Martii;

t

Anno 37° Georgii III" Regis, 1797. Prayers.

SSwc Bill A N injgr°fled Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-jafled. ' JljL doling, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barninghamin the County of Suffolk, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barningham, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kirkcud- An ingrafted Bill for more effectually making and

BUlht ffed1 rePa'ring certain Roads, in the Stewartry of

,pa e ‘ bright, and for amending an Act,made in the Twentieth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for more effectually making and repairing

certain Roads, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

Ordered, That Mr. Spalding do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Actelndofure An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-BiU,paired. |ng> the Arable Lands, intermixed Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Commons, and j Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Devizes Roads An ingrafted Bill for completing, widening, and $ill, paired. keeping in Repair, the Road from West unto

and through the Town of The Devizes, to the House known by the Name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of Wilts, and from Rowde Ford, through The Devizes Market Place, to join the 'Beckkampton Vox.. 52.

Mr. William Baker reported from the Committee, to TV;ng incj0. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fare Bill, re-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- P°rted' mon Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Fring,in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the'Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the 1 Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of f.z'ff, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of f. 5,090; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severalIy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Petition from the Poor of the Parish ol Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the S‘nnt Savl" County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and the rest wark' a linft of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the Poor Bill, the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be injurious to, and materially affect, the Rights, Interests, and Properties, of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and tend very considerably to increase the Poor Rates, without being of Advantage to the really industrious or deserving Poor: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the *

Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to Twe«!Fifa&. Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more ,pre"

effectua], Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweedand also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

5 I Sir

L

Pcn~e Indo-ilire iiilj, piC-jc.ited.

Accounts of

P -educe of OiiSmis, Ex-cile, 5c. c. to be printed.

Account of Bills of Exchange.iccept-cd and paid at the B:ink,tobe printed.

Committee on Bill to amend Act for railing Men in Scotland fur the Army and avy. |

Voices toCom-mil tee on Watling Street and Mcdeley Roads Bill.

American Trade Bill, reported.

398

Sir Joh Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Pengs Corn-men, lying within the Hamlet of Pcuge, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Five first of the Accounts, which were presented to the House upon the 20th Day of October last, by iMr. Rose, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords Commit' sioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable, and paid, at the Bank of England,from the ill January to the 31st Day ot December 1796, which was pro tinted to the House upon tCe 14th Day of February last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A. 179J.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Beading of the Bill to allow the Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland to llluc Notes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, for a lime to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

RcJ'oived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Reading of the Bill lor making and maintaining a

r . „ o o

Navigable Canal irom or nearly from, the Town of

l\czACij:le v.pcn 7\n:, to, or nearly to, Hay don Bridge, all in the Cwiiiny ot NorthuthIahuu!, be now read.

I c° Mar til

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain anti amend an Act, made in this present Sc In on of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men, in the levered " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in " that Part ol Great Britain called Scotland, lor the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill lor continuing the Term, and amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from The Head, at

IVII thug Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for letting out and making a new Branch of Road from the present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Made ley, to communicate with the said Turnpike Road at or near the End of a Lane leading to the Village of Norton, in the Parish of Stockton, in the said County, is committed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Ioiws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, lb far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; ant! he"read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Quo (lion being pro-poied, That the said Bill be now read a Second dime;

The Amendments following were propolcd to be made to the Question; viz."

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And the said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon last,

praying to be heard, by their Count'd, again!! the said Bill, did not dclire to be heard in this Stane of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Beaumont, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Johnlee, in the County of Northumberland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Inhabitants and Owners' of Lands lying between the Town of Net upon Tyne, and a certain Place called Bridge, in the County of Northumberland;and also, the Petition of

John Errington, CalverlyBewicke, John Hodson, -and John

Hunter, Etquires, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying on the North Side of the River Tyne, between the Town of NezveaJUeupon Tyne and a certain Place called Haydon Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; which were presented to the House upon last,

be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InItruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills bearing Date the nth of March 1797, and illucd on the nth and 13th of the said Month, together with an Account of the Rate of Discount at winch the same were ilfuetl, to whom, and for what Service *

3

Bill to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, committed.

Newcastle upon Tyne Canal Bill, committed.

Petitions against- referred, and COHfl-fel ordered.

Account of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

III.

Inland Navigations Duty . Bill, deterred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Militia Pay Bid, deferred.

37 Geo.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant March, resolve itleJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Navigations.

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma jolly.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Re/o/vcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jowls, 16° Martii;

Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Consideration r Hour appointed for talcing into Confederation

Sfiggt 1 the Petition of Sir John of F»r<klly Ba-

Petition,dc- ronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return furred. for the Class or District of Boroughs, confiding of

N Inverkeithing, Dtinfermiing, Cn/rcfs, Q>uensferry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain caiicd Scotland, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance or the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-three Members on'y being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the (lime till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

I -0 — 16° — i 7

3 99

Tnverkeithing Eie&ion Petition, [consider-cd.

Vienerisy 1y° die Martii; Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir John Henderson of For dell. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Class or District of Boroughs, confiRing of Inverkeitking, Dunfermling, Cn/rcfs, Queen ferry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker VOL. 52 *

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Bulinels of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Hundred and Thirty-four Members being present;

The Counfei and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the I loulc being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six dalles, and drawn and read in the uliial Manner.

And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Bight honourable Dudley Ryder being drawn, he offered to the House, as aa

Excuse for not fervine on the said Committee, that # . 7.

he was serving on tine Select Committee appointed

to examine and slate the Total Amount of the Public

Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, and other Matters relating to the Finances of the

Country.

The Counfei and Agents were directed to withdraw from the Bar.

And the Question being put, That the Right honourable Dudley Ryder be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It was relblved in the Affirmative *

And the Names of Ten other'Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Thomas Steele being drawn, he offered to the House, as aa Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that he was serving on the Select Committee appointed to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the lame, and other Matters relating to the Finances of

7 o

the Country.

And the QueRion being put, That the Right honourable Thomas Steele be exculed from serving on the said Committee;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

And the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, and let aside;

Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before lworn); One against whole Election a Petition was depending; and Fifty-four on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counfei for the Petitioner nominated the Right honourable Charles James Fox; and the Counfei for the Sitting Member nominated William Grant, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lilts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counfei; the Door of the House was opened and the Counfei and Agents withdrew

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and WaRe Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney and Scopwick, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and irtclosing, the Barrow inclo-Open Fields, Meadows, Common PaRurcs, and other com-

Common and WaRe Lands and Grounds, in the

Parish

Blankney, &c. inclosure Bill, presentcil.

400

170 M

A. 1797.

Pari 111 of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

at Five

in

T?he Lords have agreed to

Marine Mu-fin/ Bill.

lie von and Exeter Debtor, Petition.

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Na-Rcfclvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, vigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Sir Gilbert Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pc-

the Speaker's feition, and had directed him to report. the lame, as if appeared to them, to the House; and he read the< Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read f and is as. followeth i viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three

Afternoon

Chamber,

And of the Clock,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr, Smith

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Sixteenth for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making.

while on Shore; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Pflforis for the Counties of Devon and Exeter,

the Trent and MeifeyCanal, and also a Canal from the South Side of Harecastle to F were read: And, Mr. Thomas Sparrozv being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from and out of the said last mentioned

was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of Cartal at Frogha/l aforesaid, to or near , in the

Northampton Taving Bill, committed.

said County of Stafford; and that another Navigable Canal may be made from and out of the said Canal at Shelton, to or near Cobridge, in the said County; and another Navigable Canal from and out of the said Trent and MerfeyCanal at Lto a Place called

Supptrton and Muck ley 2n-cloliire Bill, Committed. *

their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Dale Hall, in in the said County; which said

jesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, light- last mentioned Canals will facilitate the Conveyance " ing, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for of Goods and Merchandize, and be of Public Utility. " removing, and preventing Encroachments, Obstruc- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Naviga-she Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted, was tion from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several read a Second Time. Branches of Canal from and out of their said Navi -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bon- gation: And that Mr. William Egerton and Mr. 11 IT verieof Northampton, Mr. Courtenay,&c.: And they are Bootle do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber. The House proceeded to take into Consideration

the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. the Com- intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and alter-fnons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste Grounds, called Lea ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in Moor, or Sapperton Moor, within the Township or Li- the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty berty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year the County of Derby, and Hare Hill, within the Town-ships or Liberties of Sapperton and Mackley, or one of them, in the said Parish of Church Broughton-, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing', all and every the Commons, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Wastes, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, in Sapperton and Mackley aforesaid, or either of them, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bon-

verie of Northampton, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lords A-nitndiufnts U> Balingi!okc Ronds Bill, agreed to.

Trine; Inclo-61 re Billy j&uied.

An ingmffed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds,

of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from B through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol- owe th; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 5. Leave out " Fifteenth"' and insert Sixteenth."

In the Title of the Bill, h 5. Leave out " Fifteenth " and insert " Sixteenth."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter do carry the Bill to the

Chaddefley Corbett In clolbre Bill, pmented.

the Bill to

within the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed was read the Third Time. to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open nciofureBUi, mon Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other reported.

Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wingrave with in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

the Parish of Tring,in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Ml . William Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddefey Corbett, in

the County of Worcester: And the same was received; Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

Trent and Mersey Canals Petition, reported.

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was

46 Acres and z Roods of Land, and of 11 Cow Commons and 57 Sheep Commons; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 2,755 Acres 6 Roods and 34 Perches, and there are, in the Whole, 539 Cow Commons, and 2,820 Sheep Commons; and that ao Person appeared before the Committee

3 7 Geo. III. 17 0 401

niittce to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- is as followeth;

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Let-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Date the 24th Day of February, in the First Year ot at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, were produced Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One to your Committee; whereby it was directed, That by One; and, upon the Question icverally put there- the Freemen of the Mystery of Barbers of the City of upon, were agreed to by the House. ' London should be one Body, and one perpetual Com-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be munity; and that Two Principals of the same Coming-rolled. monalty, of the most expect Men of the Mystery of

Surgery, might, with the AlTent of Twelve or Eight Penh Roads Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to Persons of the same Community, every Year, ele<£l Petition, re- whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Two Mailers or Governors, to oversee and govern the porte ' Trustees appointed under the Acts passed for making and said Commonalty, and all Men of the same Mystery, repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and and the Affairs thereof, and who might make Sta-particularly under an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth tutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing Mysteries, and should have the Survey, Search, Cor-certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explain- redion, and Government, of all the Freemen of the ing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth said City, being Surgeons, and of other Surgeons, being Year, of the said Reign, and under an Act, palfed in Foreigners, and the Punishment of them, as well ( the Thirty-third Year of the said Reign, for explaining, Freemen as Foreigners, for their Offences in not per-amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act fedly performing the said Mystery; and should have of the Twenty-ninth Year of the said Reign, and for the Survey of all Instruments, Plaisters, and other Me-certain other Purposes therein narrated, was referred; dicines, and the Receipts to be given and used by the , That the Committee had examined, and found that said Barbers and Surgeons, for the curing and healing the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn- of Wounds, Hurts, and such like Infirmities; and pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the that no Barber, using the said Mystery of Surgery Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- within the said City, should be admitted to execute tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it and perform the same Mystery of Surgery, unless he appeared to them, to the House; and he read the had first been approved of, as well as instructed in that Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Mystery, by the said Mailers or Governors; and di-t'ne Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is vers Privileges and Exemptions were thereby granted as followeth; viz. to the said Mailers, Governors, and Commonalty, for

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the ever: Then, said Acts were read: And, An Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the

Captain David Smyth being examined, said, That Reign of King Henry the Eighth, was read; whereby by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His pre- it was enacted, That the Two Companies, called, The lent Majesty's Reign, Trustees were appointed for Barbers of and The Surgeons of should

making and repairing the Road from Perth to Crieff, be united, and be called by the Name of " The Maf-on the North Side of the Poiv; and certain Powers " ters or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty were granted for erecting Toll Gates, and exacting cer- of Barbers and Surgeons of ," and by that

tain Tolls or Duties for the Purposes therein mentioned: Name to implead and be impleaded, and to purchase That considerable Progress hath been made in making and enjoy Lands and Tenements, and to have a Com-and repairing the said Road, and large Sums of Mo- mon Seal, and have all Benefits and Privileges thereto-ney have been expended in executing the fame. fore granted to the said Companies, or either of them;

And the Witness added, That it is necessary that and divers other Powers, Privileges, Benefits, and Im-the Powers of the said Trustees should be enlarged munities, were thereby granted to the said Mystery and explained, and some of the Regulations of the said and Commonalty.

Act altered, particularly as to the Mode of levying the Certain other Letters Patent under the Great Seal laid Tolls or Duties, the Application of them, and of England, bearing Date the 15th Day of August, increasing the Rates thereof, for the Purposes of de- in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the fraying the Expences of completing and keeping in First, were also produced to your Committee; by which sufficient Repair the said Road, and in order that it appeared. That several other Powers and Privileges the Intention of the aforesaid Act may be carried were granted to the said Companies. k

more fully and ealily into Execution with regard to Then another Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the said Road. his late Majesty, for making the Surgeons of London *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Corporations, was read; by which it appeared, That the Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty- Union and Incorporation of the Barbers and Surgeons third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for of London, made pursuant to the said Act of the making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Thirty-second of King Henry the Eighth, was dif-Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and solved and made void, and divers Powers were thereby . the Branches thereof: And that Mr. William Dundas granted to the Corporation of Surgeons of London:

and Mr. Anjlrntherdo prepare, and bring in, the And,

fame. Okie Esquire, being examined, said, That,

since the passing of the said Act of the Eighteenth Petition from Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Year of his late Majesty, the Court of Examiners of the the Coriwra- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Corporation of Surgeons have constantly, and with-geons, re- r" Names are thereunto subscribed, being Members of out any Recompence, examined not only all Persons ported.- the Corporation of Surgeons of London, was referred; who have offered themselves as Candidates for Sur-That the Committee had examined the Matter of the geons and Surgeons Mates in His Majesty's Navy and said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame. Army, but likewise such as have offered themselves . as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the as Candidates for the Service of the East India Corn-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in pany:

Vol. 52. 5 K That

Elftow tn-cjofure Bill, committed.

Sau-ley and Winkiley Incioiure BilJ, reported.

TVuifcone and Mi.tli.!,] Roa.l iiill.p reibntwd.

4

W.kffit !il und ohetHt ld P< Bdl,

p.e.rtid.

/ if

402 170 Mar til.A, 1797 *

That the ftourt of Assistants of the said Corpo-(ration did, in the Year 1790, make Provision for the Establishment of a Course of Chirurgical Lectures, to be delivered gratis, Annually, to Persons intended for the Service of the Army and Navy, and to Students in Surgery, which will be attended with a con liderable Annual Expence to the said Corporation.

And being further examined, he said. That it is found by Experience, that the Powers and Privileges granted by the said Acts, and by divers Charters, have not heen sufficient for the well ordering and regulating the Affairs of the said Corporation, and the Practice of Surgery in the Cities of London and , and

within a certain Distance thereof; and that it would tend to the Advancement of the Art of Surgery in England, if further Powers and Authorities were granted, to enable them to carry into Execution the good Purposes intended by the said recited Acts and Charters more effectually>

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for eroding the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for continuing and confirming to such College certain Bights, Privileges, and Immunities: And that Mr. Mainwaringand Mr. Hobart do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Effiozv, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second

Time.

Re [tired. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sazvley and Winkfey, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the most Reverend Father in God William, by Divine Providence Lord Archbi-lliop of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Piace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. IViiberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging tlfe Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the Well Hiding of the County of York, lo far as the same relates to the Road from Peniftoneto Sheffield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. IViiberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of 2

Three several Acts of Pail lament, passed in the Thirty- *

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the

First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to

Sheffield, in the County of York,so far as the fame

relate to the Road from Wakefield to And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Somerton, &-<. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Inclosure Bill, other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the fc- comjmtted-veral Parishes of Somerton, anti Compton and

certain Open or Commonable Lands, called South-mead and King's Moor, situate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, Noithover,

and Ilchester, and the Hamlets or Tithings of Wid-

combe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock

some or one of them; and also so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertaineth to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Holncll.&c. several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Hohvell and Wood [ridge, and in the mined. Parish of Hohvell, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Gere Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ccr- North Cunr, tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, gjj] lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry, nutted.

Stoke Saint Gregory, and Wef hatch,in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, Ike.: Anti they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the shiphamaii several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being inXfme Bill, within the Parishes of Shiphamand in the committed.

County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rlackburne of Lancaftnre presented to the House, pittonlnclo-according to > Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, pre"

and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste'

Grounds in the Township of Ditton,in the Pari fit of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Bahkvin presented to the House, according to Scttringn Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures,

Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in the East Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

37 Geo. Ill,

7

Marta,

463

j. lection Co:n-ijiitl'W i P‘

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury *

being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of flic Exchequer (by Mis Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That Mis Majesty; having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

honourable Charles Janies Fox, and William Grant, Then the said Petition was brought iip, and read j

Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and Setting forth, That the said being inis as. follows: debted to the said William Marsh and to Henry Creed,

William Chute, Esquire, George Sutton, Esquire, Sir Esquire, lince deceased, in a considerable Sum of Money Godfrey Fajjal, Baronet, Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, upon Mortgage, and owing various other Sums of Mo-

Baronet, the Lord Macdonald, James Wildman, Esquire, ney, did, by Indentures of Lease and lleleafe, bearing

returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Preiuice, together with a new Lift of the Names

7 o

of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of the Right

Yiio+ruis 7\ru-hilt, Esquire, Richard El/ijon, Esquire, Bryan Eduards, Esquire, Sir Robert Williams, Baronet, John Callander, Esquire, Matthew Gregory Lewis, Esquire, John Crejjett Pelham, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, William Grant, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of

Date respectively the 5th and 6th Days of November 1793, the lleleafe being of Three Parts, and made between him the said John Teidham, of the First Part, the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cut liberty of the Second Part, and the several other Persons Creditors or Partners of Creditors of him the said John Teidham, of the Third Part, grant, release, and confirm.

petition of Mr. Foote'

Sir John Henderson, of For dell. Baronet, were sworn by unto the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Ciithbert, their Heirs and Assigns, the Manors, and other Hereditaments therein mentioned, being all the Freehold Estates of him the said John Teidham, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to hold the same unto and to the Use of the said John Foote+ William Manning, and Alexander Ciithbert, their Heirs and Assigns; and the said John Teidham covenanted Eo surrender the Copyhold Messuages, and other Hereditaments therein mentioned, being all his Copyhold Estates, to the Use of the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Ciithbert, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull, that the said John Foote, Williani Manning, and Alexander Ciithbert, lliould make Sale and absolutely dispose of the lame, and apply the Money

the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of John Foote, of the City of London, Banker, William Manning, of the same City, Esquire, &c Alexander Ciithbert, of Berners Street, in the County of

Petition. Middlesex, Esquire, and John Teidham, late of Saling Grove, in the County of Essex, but now of Nelmes, in the same County, Esquire, and others, was presented to the 1 louse, and read"; Set ting forth, That the Petitioners, some of whom arc Sureties to His Majesty for the said John arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the several

Debts therein mentioned, and pay the Residue thereof, if any, to the said John Teidham, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and that the said John Teidham was at the Execution of the said Indentures of Lease and Release, and now is one of the Receivers General of the Land Tax, and of the Taxes on Houses Windows, and Lights, the Transfer Duties, the Taxes upon inhabited Houses and Servants, and the additional tes of the said John Teidham, upon Payment Duties on inhabited Houses, and consequently an Officer Receipt of Mis Majesty's.Exchequer at West- or Accountant to the Crown; and that the Petitioner

!Teidham, one of the Receivers General of the Land Tax, and of the "faxes on Houses, Windows, and Lights, the Transfer Duties, the Taxes upon inhabited Houses and Servants, the additional Duties on inhabited Houses, and consequently an Officer or Accountant to the Crown, had signed and intended, on Friday the 24th Day of February, to have presented a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for discharging the Estates into tli

miujler, out of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, John Teidham hath duly accounted for all Monies reef the Balance due from him upon the Account of ceived by him as Receiver General aforesaid in respect the said Receipt for the Year ending the 5th Day of of any Taxes payable to His Majesty on or before the

April 1795, from the Demands of the Crown for Money due, or to become due, from him subsequent to that Time, in order that a good Title may be made to the Purchasers thereof under a Deed of Trust executed by him for the Benefit of his Creditors; but that, by Heaton of the Able nee of the Chancellor of

5th Day of April 1795, upon the Account for which Year there is due to His Majesty the Sum of £.8,422. 6s. $d. on Balance, and from which Time divers Persons are jointly bound with the said John Teidham to His Majesty for the due Execution of his Office; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth

the Exchequer on that Day, to ligqify the Assent of Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth %

Lave given.

Petition of Mr. Foote,&c.

H is Majesty to the fame, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, the same was not presented: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to present their said Petition, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, L

C. 4. to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, ot Tellers, Receivers, &c. liable to the Payment of their Debts, and under the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Crown Debtors, or ot their Sureties, all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the said John Teidham, are, juntil hit be given to present a Petition as desired by the said ultimate Balance shall be paid into the Exchequer, and

save

John Foote, William Mannings Alexander Ciithbert, and John Teidham.

Then a Petition of John Foote, of the City of London, Banker, William Manning, of the same City, Merchant, Alexander Ciithbert, ol Berners Street, Oxford Street, in the County of M/dd/efex, Esquire, William Marsh, of Norfolk Street, in the Strand, Esquire, and John 7'eld ham, late of Saling Grove, in the County

a Quietus obtained for the lame, liable to be put and had in Execution, and fold for the Payment of his Arrears in the Receipt of the said Taxes; and that the Petitioners, John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, have, in pursuance of the Trust lo repoled in them, contracted for the Sale of a conquerable Part of the said Estates, and there, is great Probability of their finding Purchasers of the other Part, but

of Essex, but now of Nelmes, in the same County, the Money arising thereby will full considerably lhort Esquire, together with a Copy of a Report thereunto of the Amount of the Debts intended to be pro *

annexed, from the Commissioners for Affair of 'faxes vided for under the said . Vol. p.

pro *

Trust Deed; and that, by

reafoit

Petition from Farmers of 'Fife, &c. again It Fife Roads (Statute Labour) Bill.

404

17° Martii.

A. 1797.

reason that all the said Estates of the Petitioner

Teldham are liable, as before-mentioned, for Payment of his Arrears due, or to become clue, in the Collection of the aforesaid Taxes, a good Title cannot be made to the said Estates, whereby the Creditors intended to be provided for by the said Trust Deed, incur great Loss, and are put to much Hardship and Inconvenience, and inasmuch as the Payment of Arrears due, or to become due, in respect of Duties payable to His Majesty after the 5th Day of April 1795, is secured by the said Bonds of the said John Teldham and his laid Sureties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for discharging the Estates of the Petitioner John Teldham, upon Payment into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, out of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, of the Balance due from him upon the Account of his said' Receipt, for the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1795, from the Demands of the Crown, for Money due, or to become due, from him subsequent to that Time, in order that a good Title may be made to the said Estates to the Purchasers thereof under the said Deed of Trust executed by him for the Benefit of his Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Long, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for PerfoMS, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Farmers, and Inhabitants in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of James An-derson, Tenant in Pitlochie, Prefes of a General Meeting of the Fife Farming Society, the Inverkeithing Farmer

Club, and other Farmers of the County of Fife, held at New Inn, in the said County, on the 3d of February 1797, w'as presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating and converting the . Statute Labour, in the County of and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County; and Setting forth. That the same contains several Clauses which may materially affect the Interests of the Petitioners, particularly Clauses which authorize the Trustees to allocate, in the Manner therein mentioned, the Statute Labour or Services to the Turnpike Roads, by which the Cross or Bye Roads may become impafiable, as also sundry other Clauses, whereby the Trustees are empowered to rate (possessed by themselves) Land by the Rent or Extent, in their own Option, without allowing the Tenant the like Option, to rate Plantations by Rent instead of Extent, to afiefs Cottagers and all Tradesmen to the Value of Six Days Labour, to allow the Proprietor, possessing his own Lands, to rate himself, instead of subjecting him to have his Ploughgates rated by the Surveyors Lift, whereby these may be greatly undervalued, to regulate the Conversion of Victual, where the Rent is payable in Grain, in a Manner different from the County Fiars, to allow summary Diligence at the Instance of the Pro-

prietor against the Tenant, without Citation of Party, and being heard in his own Defence, to allow the Heritor Payment for his Ground for widening Roads, without giving a Deduction to the Tenants from their Rents, when Ground, for a similar Purpose, is taken from them, to make a Distinction as to the Height of Houses situated in the Line u'here the Road may happen to pals, so as to preserve those of a certain Height, while Houses below Twelve Feet are liable to be pulled down, and to deny a Right of Appeal to the Court of Session, where the Party thinks himself aggrieved:

Against which Clauses, and all other Parts of the said Bill, which may tend to their Injury or Prejudice, the Petitioners pray. That they may have Leave to be heard by themselves or Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against; the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member admen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill fneij e ri for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Bill Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Com- promulgating mittee who were appointed to consider of the moll effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the fame, with their Observations, to the House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Long presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the Return to " Honourable House of Commons, dated 15th March " 1797, for an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Exchequer " Bills bearing Date the nth of March 1797, and J k>(Pre‘

" issued on the 1 ith and 13th of the said Month, to- "

" gether with an Account of the Rate of Discount at " which the same were issued, to whom, and for what " Service."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

J

A Return

Googh

37 Geo. III.

170 Martii.

405

A Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 15th March 1797; for

" An A C COU NT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills bearing Date the nth of March 1797, and blued on the nth and 13th of the said Month; together with an Account of the Rate of Discount at which the same were issued, to whom, and for what Service.''

There were issued, on the 1 ith of March, Exchequer Bills to the Amount of One hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of on

Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to be paid to the Agents of his Imperial Majesty.

The Rate of Discount at which the same were issued was Five Shillings per.

There were no Exchequer Bills issued on 13 th March.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th March 1797.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill f rcon- Ordered, That the Bill for confirming and conti-finnin and nuing, for a Time to be limited, the llellriAion, con-

Lim'ue'o' tained in the Minute of Council of the 26th of Fe-

Council, com- hruary last, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, be now nutted, read a Second dime.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn.-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hon ft to be Ordered, That this House be called over upon Mon *

called over, jav Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 9th March K 1797, for an Account of the Amount of Exchequer " Bills issued under the Authority of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of " Annuities;" distinguishing the Amount issued in the " Months of January, February, and March 1797; and " also distinguishing the Rate of Discount at which " the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; the Discount on Bills issued in January to be stated on an " Average of the Discount on the-different Sums issued " in that Month, and the Discount on Bills issued since " the 31 ft of January to be stated according to an Average of the Discount on the different Sums issued in " each Day, to the latest Period, distinguishing each " Day."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid Paper is as followed!; viz.

Vol. 32.

5 L A Return

Return reflecting Excheoucr Bills issued under Act for raising a Sum by Annuities, presented.

170 Marin.

A. 1797.

406

A Retlirn to an Order of the Honourable House of1 Commons, dated 9th 'March 179-]; for

" An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued under the Authority of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities;' distinguishing the Amount issued in the Months of February, and March

1797, and also distinguishing the Rate of Discount at which the said Exchequer Bills have been ilined; the Discount on Bills issued in January to be stated on an Average of the Discount on the different Sums issued in that Month and the Discount on Bills issued since the 31st of January to be stated according to an Average of the Discount on the different Sums issued in each Day, to the latest Period, distinguishing each Day."

January 17th. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and Thomas Steele, Pay-masters General of His Majesty's Forces ——

23. To D° - - - on the same Account ——

24. To D° - - - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy ——

26. To D - - - on the same Account ——

D® To William Smith, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster of the Office of Ordnance ——

28. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and Thomas Steele, Pay-masters General of His Majesty's Forces ——

31. To D° - - - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy ——

February 1.To D° - - - on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and

Thomas Steele, Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces ——

4. To D® - - - on the same Account ——

D° To D° - e. - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy ——

7. To D® - - - on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and I

Thomas Steele, Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces - -..... -

8. To D° - - - on the same Account ——

9. To D® - - - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy ——

10. To D® - - - on the same Account ——

D® To D® - - - on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and

Thomas Steele, Paymasters General of His Majesty's > Forces....

11. ToD® - - - on the same Account ——

18. To D» - - - on the same Account - -- -I

MaYch 3. To D° - - - on the same Account -

4. To D® - - - on the same Account ——

9. To D® - - - on the same Account -

10. Tp D® - - - on the same Account -

D® To D" - - - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of j

His Majesty's Navy ——

11. ToD®-- - on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and I

Thomas Steele, Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces -

14. To D® - - - on Account of Henry Dundas, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy -....

15. To D® - - - on Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and I

Thomas Steele, Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces ——

£ t!-

300.000 ——

30.000 ——

247.000 ——

50.000 ——

100.000 ——

I 10,000 -

111.000 ——

223.000 ——

146.000 ——

9,000 ——

67.000 ——

16.000 -

53.000 ——

150,000 — —

100,000 ——

65.000 -

90.000 -

95.000 ——

100,000 ——

18.000 -

190.000 -

160.000 -

120,000 ——

15,000 ——

25,000 ——

,590,000 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

the 16th Day of March 1797.

George Rose.

Such of these Bills as have been fold in the Market by Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, have been sold at a Discount of 5 j. per Cent.

Those which were issued to Individuals have been received by them, estimating the Discount at the same Rate.

Ordered,

37 Geo III. i y° — 20°- Mar Hi. 407

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper, and also the Paper presented this Day by Mr. Lony> be printed, as shall be lufEcient for the life of the Members of the I louie.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ma/ia scot- the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and bni for the amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia-N rc'lrt- mcnh intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Num-«d7i!a e- " ber of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries,

venar cted. " Royal Burghs, and Towns in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's " Army and Navy," was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QueRion feveraMy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Claud was offered to be added to the Bill, for altering the Proportion of Men to be raised in the Town of Tfiurfo, and the County of Caithness.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read the First Time.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon Aland ay Morning next, resolve itlclfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Y3\\lT't}\e °n bRefohedy That this House will, immediately, resolve the Bank'Ti'ri itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Scotland to Bill to allow the Banks and Banking Companies in ijim ortam Scotland to iifuc Notes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, for a Time to be limited.

The JI'nde accordingly relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which th .; had directed hirn to report, when the House will pieale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Adorning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for ]i)ck«, &c. making Wet Docks, Baiuns, Cuts, and other Works,

Bill,revived, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed, be revived.

Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1 797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen fnce the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which ex-ifted previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and Rate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outRanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the cxpected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame, acquainted the House, That lie was directed, by the said Select Committee, to move the House, that the several Papers and Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the said Select Committee.

And Mr. Abbot moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said several Papers and Accounts be referred to the said Select Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, defer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H uie, to rcdf consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hunt, tie‘

consider further of Ways and Means for railV :> the

j O

Supply granted to His Majesty; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of Committee on the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Militia Pay defraying the Ciiarge of the Pay and Cloathing of the 1 Militia in that Part of Great Britain called for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. llobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Atclmm and Djrrin ton Road Bill, committed.

Accounts, See.

referred to Select Committee cn the Public Debts, &c.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham through Condover to Dorringlon; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called All-field Turning, in the said Pari 111 of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlow, at a Place called HongerhilL, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sit Richard Hill, Mr. Hi//, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public

Vol. 52.

Lunce,2 o° die Martii;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17 97.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Lewis John Ma~ Hauflbiillier's rie HanJJbullier, was read the Third Time. ' raffed 11 *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Lewis John Marie

fotdlier.

Ordered,

4o8 20Marta. dl. 1797 *

Ordered, That Mr. John do Carr)' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r.yneCiiury A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-committed'11, mon F c'ids, Meadows, Lands, Commons and _Com-1 ‘ monable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Refoi'ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Moilin-ton Sir John Mor daunt presented to the House, accord-prti lted. ' in£ to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, in in the Counties of Oxford and Hamrick, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Twcsd Fish- A Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more committed. effectual. Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His pre-tent Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fishenes in the River Tweed, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, was read a Second . Time.

Refohcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Brandling, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

HulmtsCha- Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom ft ported. ' ie Fill for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the lio. % d from the preterit Turnpike Road at Hulme in the County Palatine of Chester,leading from Hulmes Chapel to Kants-ford, to the South Bridge in Chef or d, in the said County, near to Che,ford Chapel, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question tevcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Southampton, F iiUerics Kill, prclent-cd.

Mr. Anna ttpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Adds, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Prefer-ration of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

After,tt In- Mr. Dickinson Senior presented to the House, ac-C 'UcTteBl '1' cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-p.uc;rtt\. doling, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of A/hcStt,in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

TYCtAti of A Petition of Jeremiah Devadney Par fansof Yeovil,

‘V/inftNv'h in the County of Somerset, Esquire, Owner and Pro-Curry, JvcTia- prietor of certain Lands and Tenements within the Pa-cioiurc Bill, fifties of Lxng and Stoke Saint Gregory, in the said County of Somerset, lying and being near to divers Moors,

Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West Hatch, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloi-ing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and Hreft Hatch, in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner, and those whole Estate he hath, have, from Time whereof the Memory of Man runneth not to the contrary, in Right of certain Tenements, and of certain Lands, had and enjoyed the Right and Privilege of Hocking the lame, without Stint, with all Man ner of Cattle, and that, iliould the said Bill, in its prefers Form, pals into a Law, the Petitioner would be entirely deprived of such his Right and Privilege, so long by them and him enjoyed, without any Allowance or Allotment made to him for the fame: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a I,r\ in its present Form, and that he may be heard, by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the same as may afte<5! his interest.

A Petition of John Slade, of the City of Bath, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; Like-wile taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised in Fee of a Capital Alef-

Peri lion of Mr. S] u!e, ai/iimt North Cuny, &c. In-

cloiUl'C Bill.

fuage or Tenement and Farm called Farm,

containing about Seventy-five Acre;, and of t lie Yearly Value of or thereabouts, also of fur.dry Pieces

or Farceis of , Land called Cites containing

abai: Eighteen Acres, and of the Yearly Value of £.36, or thereabouts; and allb of Two A.-eadows called ARadoze, containing about Nine Acres, and of the Yearly Value of f.i3, or thereabouts; all which laid Me ullages, Lands, and Tenements, are situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Ly in the said County of Somerset-, and, in Right of the fame, the Petitioner has enjoyed unlimited Right of Common of Pasture in, upon, and over, all the aforesaid Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, and the Owners and Occupiers of the said several Messuages'or Tenements, Farms, and Lands, from Time immemorial, have uled and enjoyed the same feverui Rights of Common without Interruption; and that there are certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if the same Ih.ould pals into a Law, will materially affect and prejudice the interest of the Petitioner, and particularly the Chula wherein Provision is made that the Commissioners iliail set out, allot, and indole, the Residue and Remainder of the said Moors, Commons, Waste Land sand Grounds, unto, for, and among!!, every Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietor-, interested therein, in respect of their eld Auster, or ancient Tenements, the Owners and Occupiers whereof do, and have been accustomed to Keep in Repair the Walls or Embankments therein mentioned, without any respect to the Yearly Value of such Tenements, it being intended by the said Act that each Proprietor of the said old Auster, or ancient Tenements, shall have an equal Allotment of tire laid respective Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, Share and Share alike: And therefore praying, to be heard by himself, Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as he shall be advised.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill

9

Basingltoke, Andover, See, Roads Bill, committed.

fctwall Inclosure Bill, reported.

Lincoln Roads Petition, reported.

37 Geo. lit. 20° Martii.409

A Bill for contihuing the Terni, and altering and delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabid: Wlifere the same enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty- was read; and is as followeth;

eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,' the George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road laid Acts were read: And,

from Baftngjloke through Wort in, Overton, Whitchurch, Mr. being examined, said, That the

Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Cor- Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money ner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts, upon the Credit thereof which has been duly applied and of another Act made in the Fourteenth Year of accSrding to the Direction of the said Acts; which Motile Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the ncy cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be Road from Spittlehouse over Weyhillto Mullens Pond; further continued, and the Powers thereof varied, alas directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year tered, amended and enlarged j and the Witness added; of his said Majesty King George the Second and for that it will be necessary to increase the Tolls: Then, amending the Roads from Andover through Charlton Mr. Henry Walker confirmed the above Evidence; towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill so and from Weyhill to Sarjon Street, and also the Road continuing the Tefm, and altering and enlarging the through the said Town of Bajingjlokc, and also for Powers; of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se--

other Roads in the County of Southampton, was read a cond, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Second Time. His present Majesty, for repairing and widening cer-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wal- tain Roads leading to and from the City of,

lop, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this and for repairing and widening the Roads from the

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot

Chamber. of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Well ward,

to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from called Potter afld from the Termination of the the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwick Hill; doling the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill: and Pallures, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within And that Mr. and Mr. Eyner do prepare, and the Parish of Etwall, in the County of Derby, was bring in, the lame, committed; That the Committee had examined, and,

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative Mr. Dickihs reported from Committee, to whom yvellingbo-to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons,

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of whose Names are thereunto subscribed,. residing, or Road Petition *

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the having Estates, within the County of Northampton, was ported.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Per- that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

son, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the

12s.8 d.a Year, who declared himself neuter; and Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-

that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-

assessed to the Land Tax at £. i iS.3 j. 2d, per Annum;peared to them, to the House; and he read -the Report and that no Person appeared before the Committee to in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Table: Where the same was re£d; and is as followeth; through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- viz.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- William a Surveyor, being examined, said,'

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in That the Road leading from the Town of We/lingbo-at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were rough to , is in a ruinous Condition, and

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers;

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept

upon, were agreed to by the House. in good Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ingrossed. amending, widening, altering, and keepingirf Repair, the

Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Mr. Ellijon reported from the Committee, to whom Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are to the Eall End of Street, in the Town oiNor-

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two thampton: And that Mr. Ditkins and Mr. Powys do pre-Act s, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of pare, and bring in, the fame, his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of and widening certain Roads leading to and from the thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves and 6thtrs,

City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Inhabitants of the Towns and Parishes of ton,&c. P

Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike ton, Bi/ston, and Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, again w«-

Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said and of the Towns and Parishes of Shiffnal, Wellington; Madelej)

Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Newport, and Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop, Roads Bill. Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the and Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neigh-Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot bourhood of such Towns and Parishes respectively, was of Camvick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of of the said Hill, was referred; That the Committee the Bill for continuing the Term, and amending, al-had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tering, and enlarging, the Powers of Two Acts of Par-the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been com- liament; of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His plied with; and that the Committee had examined the present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads lead-Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to ing from The Buck's Head, at Watling Street, and other

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Roads therein mentioned, in the County of and

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards for setting out and making a new Branch of Road from'

Vol, 52. 5 M th *

Chal rave In-clniurc Jiill, reported.

Trem and Mersey Canals Bill, piei'ent-cd.

fttirion of Inhabitants of

Bil!ingf-.;tc Ward, a uinft London Docks, See. Bill-

410

20

ll.

A. 1

797 *

the present Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln not to pass into a Law, especially at a Time when the Hi/!, in the Parish of Madclcy, to communicate with uncertain State of the Commerce of the Country ren-the said Tusnpike Road at or near the End of a Lane tiers it at least doubtful to what Extent the Improveleading to the Village of Norton, in the Parish of Stock- nient of the Port of London, if any at all, may be re-

ton, in the said County; and Setting forth, That, if the quired; but, in case the Plan of Wet Docks and Ware-

said new Branch of Road be made, it will be very in- houses in Wrapping mu ft be adopted, the Petitioners jurious to the Property and Interest of the Petitioners, conceive that, in common Justice, an Indemnity ought and all others residing, or owning or occupying Ef- to be made and secured to them for the Deficiencies tates, in or near the said Towns and Parishes respec- the same will occasion in the Taxes of the Ward, by

tively, and will not be attended with any Advantage, diverting the Trade and Commerce of the Port to a

or give any particular Accommodation to the Public: new Channel: And therefore praying the House, That

And therefore praying. That Power may not be granted' the Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Peti-by the said Bill for making the said new lload, and tioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against it. that the Petitioners may be hoard, by themselves, or A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Tower Petition of Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect was also presented to the House, and read; likewise TowerWard them. taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That against Lon-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Petitioners, upon a former Occasion, anxiously ex- im! Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill pressed their just Apprehensions of the fatal Confe-

quences that must certainly eniue to themselves and Families, should the Project then in Agitation be carried into Execution, at the same Time they stated their Readiness to co-operate, if permitted, in any Endeavours to remove all supposed or acknowledged existing

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fame Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Obstacles, and accelerate the Promotion of all requisite Petition. Improvements in the Pert, that would secure the Con-

venience and Safety of the Trade of London, and which Mr. Barm reported from the Committee, to whom did not in their Effects demand a Sacrifice of such the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- immenle Extent as the Bill then applied for feemecl mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com- undoubtedly to grasp at; and that the" Petitioners had monable Places, in the Parish of Chalgvavc, in the County hoped an impartial Review of the Grievances that would of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had certainly attach to them, of which they thus publicly examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the had expressed their Dread on the one Hand, and the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Inclination they had evinced to assist the eflfential Interest of the Commerce of the Port, in the Welfare of which they are lo deeply concerned, on the other, would have prelfed lb forcibly upon the equitable Disposition of the Parties prosecuting this Bill in Parliament, that.

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 13 Acres of Land, who in Policy and Justice, they would have abandoned their

could not be met with; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 1,779 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. IVII/iam Eger ton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several Branches of Canal from and out ot their said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of 5/7-Hngfgate, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth, That the said Bill will, if carried into Execution, materially injure the Petitioners, and the several Parishes within the said Ward, from a Reduction in the Receipt of the several Parliamentary and Parochial Assessments, by a Deterioration of the Houses and Warehouses within the said Ward, and in particular the same will very materially injure the Property of such Houses and Warehouses; and, upon these Grounds, tfea -Petitioners submit that the same ought 9

Scheme altogether, or they would have prefaced the Attempt of succeeding in it by an upright and honourable Pledge of complete Indemnification; and the Petitioners have, with Anxiety, but with Patience, waited for this Avowal, of liberal Integrity, this Earnest indeed of im-. mediate and iiridt Equity on the Part of the Supporters of the Wet Dock System, and having trailed such Sentiments would have dictated their Conduit, the Petitioners have relied in confident Silence, but they now learn with Sorrow that not only the Bill is pursued with increased Assiduity, but- that Compenfiuion to the various Claimants has not yet been agreed upon; the Petitioners then once again iolicitcufly entreat the Protection of the House, recalling its Attention to the Cale of the numerous Individuals who will leriously suffer if this Measure is determined upon, many will have to regret the total Loss of immenle Property, but a much larger Proportion (whole Condition no Indemnity in the Power of a Wet Dock Corporation to offer will be competent to remedy) must be driven from their Employments and natural Occupations; among the latter Description of Sufferers, they beg Leave to notice the Body oF Lightermen and Watermen who reside in the said Ward, and who form lo elfential, lb important a Nurlery for those brave Seamen who man the Bulwark of the Nation; if however the urgent Appeals of those Individuals, apprehensive of Ruin and Annihilation to their Properties and Livelihoods, offered in Temperance and Moderation, should in the Wisdom of the House be thought of less Avail and Consideration than the pre fling Solicitations of other Individuals who plead for Sanction to an immediate and direct Removal of the Trade of London from its ancient Seat and Boundaries, under Colour and Pretence of benefiting it, then indeed they must, with Deference to the Will and Judgment of the Commons of Great Britain, in Distreis, submit, but, if the National Good hereafter should ultimately require (which

from

37 Geo. III. 200 Martii411

from their present Means of Information they cannot ascertain to their Satisfaction) the Completion of this Design, so injurious to the Interests of the said Ward in particular, and to the City in general, in Opposition to every other Proposal, yet at this Conjuncture they venture respectfully to l'ubmit it to the Discernment of the House, whether, in found Discretion, l'uch serious Alteration in the Port of London might not be deferred till the Period may arrive when it will not be an Un-' certainty, w'hich in a State of Warfare it ever must, what Increase in the Commerce of the Country may be permanently established: And the Petitioners further pray. That, if at any Time the Plan of Wet Docks and Warehouses in (l apping must be adopted, that Indemnity may be secured to the said Ward for all Deficiencies of Taxes that it may experience in consequence of the Commerce and Trade of the Port being diverted to . another Channel; and also praying to be heard, by Counsel, in their Behalf.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inltrudion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most, ruinous and distressing Consequences to clivers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whose Property, or the Profits of whole Labour and Industry, in a great Measure depend upon the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be. carried on within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said City; and that the said Bill contains divers other Powers and Provisions, the Effect of which will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to many Persons com cerned in the Trade and Commerce of the said City and Port of London: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against l'uch Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Rights, Privileges, and Interests, or otherwise affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition from The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the ttve CorjH.ra- £ London attended at the Door; they were called

tion ot Lon- . J , „ r , '

don,agaimt % in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ix>ck.s&c -A- Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Cornea. V ' mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, from Time immemorial, and by virtue of, and under several Charters, recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, had and exercised, and ought, and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conlervator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his fufiieient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of MiftdUfix, and towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place, called Kendal!, otherwise Tenland,otherwise towards the Sea

and East, and in /Medwa and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatever Banks, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf of the same W 'ater of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them; and also for all the Time aforesaid held Jurisdiction over the fame, and have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his fulffeient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of Bailiff"; and that the said Bill contains divers Clauses, Powers, and Proviffons, by which, if the same were passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners vtould be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London would in a great Degree be removed from its present Scitc, where it has flourished for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London, and the Kingdom in general, to a new Situation out of the Controul and Superintend clence, as well as out of the Care and Protection of the Petitioners; and that such Removal will not only be a Violation of the ancient Customs and Privileges of Vol. 52.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Dayappointed Common, or Parcel of Waste Gronnd, called Penge Reading" Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the Penge indo County of Surrey, be read a Second Time upon this sure Bill Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the Petition of thofy Hncaster Prisoners, confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol Lon referred" the Caltlc of Lancaster, who have taken, and those. toa Commit-who mean to take, the Benefit of the Acts of Parlia- 0°eHoeufe> ment made for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedftYhat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws, now in American Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects BtU' of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Air. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be innkeepers paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. ‘ c

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

PJ/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

Member added to bring in Surgeons College Bill.

Bill preffcntecL

feill for confirming and continuing Minute ot Council, deferred.

Militia Pay Bid, reported.

Sele& Committee on the Public Debts, &c. empowered to give Directions for printing Pa-‘ pers.

413 200 Martii. A. 1797-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for erecting the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for continuing and confirming to such College certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for erecting the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for continuing and confirming to such College certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

pedted Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th o ( Janua 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or euimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame, acquainted the House; That he was directed, by the said Select Committee, to move the House, That the said Committee Have Power to give Directions for printing, for the Use of the Members of the said Committee, the several Papers and Accounts which have been laid before them.

And Mr. Abbot moved the House accordingly., Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Power to give Directions for printing; for the Use of the Members of the said Committee, the several Papers and Accounts which have been laid before them.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction, contained in the Minute of Council of the 26th of February last, on Payments of Caih by the Bank, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 17.1. 11. by inferring, after the Word " Military," the Words " except a Militia Commislion."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}36.

Tellers for the Noes, . 58.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797; dif tinguishing what Part thereof had arisen lince the 5th of January 1793: Arid likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period, and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any Unfunded Debt or Demands out-standing on the 5 th of January 1797; and of the ex-§

The House, according to Order1, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of tfte Report which was made frorri the Committee, Who were appointed to consider of the most eftedtuil Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the fame, with their Observations, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will jpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Rei'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, for the more general and speedy Promulgation of the Laws, that His Majesty's Printer (instead of printing the 1,126 Copies of such of the Public Statutes of the Realm as are now printed by him at His Majesty's Expence) should be authorized and directed to print not less than 3,550 Copies of every Public General Statute, 200 Copies of every Public Local Statute (including Road Acts) and 200 Copies of each Private Statute; which it appears, from the Statements contained in the Report referred to this Committee, may be done without any additional Expence to the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print and deliver (or transmit by Post) as soon as possible, after each Bill has received the Royal Assent, the aforesaid Number of 3,550 Copies of each Public General Statute, according to a certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print and deliver, or transmit in like Manner, the aforesaid 200 Copies of each Public, Local, and Private Statute, according to a certain Mode of Distribution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Chief Magistrate, and Head Officer, of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in England and Wales, and of every Royal Burgh in Scotland, and every Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, and Town Clerk, receiving any such Copies, should preserve them for the Public Use, and transmit them to his Successor in Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of effectuating the Promulgation of Private Statutes, and also of ensuring an adequate Compensation to the Clerk of the Parlia-f mciit.

Committed Oft Report respecting the proinulgatidj of Statutes.

eported *

37

Geo. III.

20° — 21° Mar tit.

413

Bill to allow the Banks in Scotland to ili'ue certain Notes, reported.

ment, and Officers of the House of Lords (in lieu of Mr reported from the Committee, That they

their Annual Average Emoluments arising from the had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which Office Copies of such Statutes) without bringing any they had directed him to report, when the House will new Charge upon the Public, the Parties interested pieafe to receive the same, in every such Statute should make good such Expence and Compensation j and that thereupon such printed

Copies of every such Statute should be made judicially admifilble in Evidence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty's Printer should also be authorized and directed, to class the General Statutes and the Special Statutes (viz. the Public, Local, and Private Acts) of each Session in separate Volumes, and to number the Chapters of each Class fepaTately, and alto to print One General Title to each Volume, together with a General Table of all the Acts passed in that Session.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the precise Duration of every new temporary Law should be expressed in the Title of the Bill, and also in a distinct Clause at the End of the Bill, and no where else.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, where the Revival of several Expired Statutes, or the Continuance of several Expiring Statutes, is proposed, all such as are to be revived should be included in one Bill; and such as are to be continued in another: And that every Bill, presented for the Revival of several Statutes, or for the Continuance of several Statutes, should express in its Title, that the same is for reviving, or for continuing, the several Statutes therein mentioned; and should describe in its Title every such Statute by its Year, Chapter, and Day of passing; together with the precile Duration proposed to be given thereto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported,

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the'Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tfc ingrolled. ' *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Mr. William Dundaspresented to the House, accord- Roads

ing to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more J1' Prdent effectual, lb much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Hobart,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland to issue Notes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying certain Persons for having issued Notes for small Sums contrary to Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be' then ingrolTcd.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham , in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Saham Toney Incloi'ure KijJ, committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply, de-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fcrred whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti$y 210 Mar fit;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Morgan presented to the House, accord- Monmouth ing to Order, a Bill for extending the -

Committee on re-committed Bill to amend Act for railing Men in Scotland for the Army and Navy"

fiire Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said

ft)ire Canid Bill, presented.

a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and ament an Act:, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the " Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair *

VOL. 52.

And the same was received; and read the First

Canal Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elford reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth < the Bill for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Dock, pel

in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, 1 ,reporte

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

5 N Content

b

414

2i" Mar til A. 1797.

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fairfax's Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

reported,'aid whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An paired. ' Act to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax, purtuaftt to the Will of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment s And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Petition of Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to &c reported. w om Petition of John Foote, of the City of London, Banker, William Manning, of the same City, Merchant, Alexander Cuthbert, of Berners Street, Oxford Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, William Marsh, of Norfolk Street, in the Strand, Esquire, and John Teldham, late of SalingGrove, in the County of Essex, but now of Nelmes, in the same County, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Zachariah Hubberjly, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said John Teldham being indebted to the said William Marsh, and to Henry Creed, Esquire, since deceased, in a considerable Sum of Money upon Mortgage, and owing various other Sums of Money, did by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively, the 5th and 6th Days of November 1793; the Release being of Three Parts, and made between him the said Joint Teldham of the First Part, the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, of the Second Part, and the several other Persons, ' Creditors or Partners of Creditors of him the said John

Teldham, of the Third Part, grant, release, and confirm, unto the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, their Heirs and Assigns, the Manors and other Hereditaments therein mentioned, being all the Freehold Estates of him the said John Teldham, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to hold the same unto, and to the Use of the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, their Heirs and Assigns; and the said John Teldham covenanted to surrender the Copyhold Messuages and other Hereditaments therein mentioned, being all his Copy-hold Estates, to the Use of the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust, that the said John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, should make Sale, and absolutely dispose of the fame, and apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in discharge of the several Debts therein mentioned, and pay the Residue thereof, if any, to the said John Teldham, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And,

George Goodenough, Esquire, Secretary to the Tax

Office, informed your Committee, That the said John Teldham was, at the Execution of the said Indentures of Lease and Release, and now is, one of the Receivers General of the Land Tax, and of the Taxes on Houses, Windows, and Lights; the Transfer Duties j the Taxes upon inhabited Houses and Servants; and the additional Duties on inhabited Houses; and consequently an Officer, or Accountant to the Crown } and that he hath duly accounted for all Monies received by him as Receiver General aforesaid, in respect of any Taxes payable to His Majesty, on or before the 5th Day o( April in the Year 1795, upon the Account for which Year, there is due to His Majesty the Sum of £. 8,422. 6 s. 5 d. on Balance; and from which Time divers Persons are jointly bound with the said John Teldham to His Majesty, for the due Execution of his Office: That, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

C. 4. intituled, "An Act to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels of Tellers, Receivers, &c.

" liable to the Payment of their Debts ;" and under the Provisions of an Act, pafl'ed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of " their Sureties," all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said John Teldham, are, until his ultimate Balance shall be paid into the Exchequer, and a Quietus obtained for the fame, liable to be put and had in Execution, and fold for the Payment of his Arrears, in the Receipt of the said Taxes: And,

Zachariah Hubberjly, Esquire, being again examined, said. That the Petitioners John Foote, William Manning, and Alexander Cuthbert, have, in pursuance of the Trust so reposed in them, contracted for the Sale of a considerable Part of the said Estates; and there is great Probability of their finding Purchasers of the other Part, but the Money arising the reby, will fall considerably short of the Amount of the Debts intended to be provided for under the said Trust Deed: That by reason that all the said Estates of the said John Teldham are liable, as before-mentioned, for Payment of his Arrears due, or to become due, in the Collection of the aforesaid Taxes, a good Title cannot be made to the said Estates, whereby the Creditors intended to be provided for by the said Trust Deed incur great Loss, and are put to much Hardship and Inconvenience, inasmuch as the Payment of Arrears due, or to become due, in respect of Duties payable to His Majesty after the 5th Day of April 1795, is secured by the said Bonds of the said John Teldham and his Sureties.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Road Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing reported. Two Acts of Parliament, one of which passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the " Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of " Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same " County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County " of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village " of Adder bury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of " Oxford; and also the Road, leading from a Place

" called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford,

" over Gosford, otherwise GoJJ'ard, Bridge, to a certain " Gate entering upon W ejlonon the Green, in the said " County," and the other, pafl'ed in the Seventeenth

Year

1

:&i r

37 Geo. III.

si

d

Mattiu

4 5

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, observed that a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons; " An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Cuts, and other Works; for the greater Accommodation " Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, " of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and within the Port of , is now depending in the

" widening several Roads, therein mentioned, in the House, are greatly alarmed at the Progress thereof, " Counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to because the Bill provides no Compensation whatever to

" the Road from the Guide Post, in the Village of any Person, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, " Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway lead- whatsoever, possessed of, or entitled to Property in the

44 A- V. „ /A.. / — A ' a a 1. til t cl Krtrrvi i rrb V AntItmi siirlt o nd tlwif if 4-lia so id R ill

said Borough of Southwark; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Traffick and Commerce of the Port of London will be diverted from its ancient and accustomed Channel, and from that Part of the Borough of Southwark where the Ellate and Premises belonging to the Petitioners are situate, by Reason whereof, and of the consequent Emigration of Inhabitants, the said Estate and Premises will be greatly depreciated in Value, and the Petitioners apprehend that the said Bill is in other Rel'pests injurious to them: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Gounfel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, of otherwise, and to offer Clatifes for Compensation and Indemnity, or such other Relief as the

ing towards the City of Oxford," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follOweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, The said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Churchill being examined, said, That the Trustees for repairing and amending that Part of

the Road leading from the Guide Post in the Village of Wisdom of Parliament may think the Petitioners en-AJderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading titled to, and also to bring forward such Proofs and towards the City of Oxford, have, under the Powers of Arguments, in Opposition to the said Bill in its present the said Acts, made great Progress in amending the Form, as they shall be advised.

said Road, and have borrowed several Sums of Money O, That the said Petition be referred to the

on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected Consideration of the Committee to whom the said

thereon, a considerable Part of which Money still re- Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard,

mains due; that the said Acts are very near expiring, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Commit-

and have been found, in many Respects, defective; and tee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

that the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the said Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the

the Terms of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Powers same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

thereof amended and altered, or wholly repealed, so far Petition.

as the same relate to the repairing and widening that

Part of the Road from the Guide Post, in the Village Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee; to whom Homby, See. of Adderbury,through Kidlington,to the Mileway leading the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or

towards the City of Oxford; and unless new and other Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within rep01 e Powers are granted. and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the

And the Witness added, That the Road from the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That Termination of the said Turnpike Road, at or near a the Committee had examined, and found that the Place called The Diamond House, to the City of Oxford, Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-1 is not fufnciently amended and kept in Repair; and closure, had been complied with; and that the Com-that it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and and the Public, if the same were put under the Care found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

for the said other cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at f. io. u. id.

who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the

and Management of the Trustees Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping

in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post in the Owners of Estates aileffed at £. 8. 19J. 4 who could

Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford: And that Mr. Page and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from Magdalen College again it London Docks, &c. Bill.

not be met with; and that the Whole of the Estates within the said Honor and Manor are affelled to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum off. 100. lod.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

A Petition of the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised in Fee, for the Use of the said College, of, or otherwise entitled to, a Freehold Ellate situate in the Borough of Southwark, Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One in the County of Surrey, consisting of Messuages, Ware- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

houses. Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- upon, One of them was dil'agreed to, and the rest were ments, of the Annual Value of £.3,700, or upwards; agreed to by the House; and several Amendments and that the greater Part of the said Estate is contigu- were made, by the House, to the Bill.

ous, and adjoining to, the River Thames below London Bridge, and is rendered valuable by Reason of the Foreign and other Traffick carried on in the said River, and at the Wharfs and Places ellabiillied and fitted up for accommodating the Merchants and others trading in the Port of London; and that the Trade and Commerce of the Borough of Southwark, and particularly such Parish of Ripon, in the County of York, was read the Parts thereof as are attached to, or transacted upon, the Third Time.

Estate and Premises belonging to the Petitioners, are Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title my considerable; and that the Petitioners, having be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-Vol. 52. . tain

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- fewfcyamf ing, certain Moon, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sawley and IVinkfey, in the patbd.

U-


416

21

Martii.

A. 1797.

tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sazv/ey and W, in the Parish of Ripon,in the County of fork.

Ordered, That Air. Wilberforcedo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Wakefield and Sheffield Roads Bill, committed.

in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from The Buck's Head, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three at , and other Roads therein mentioned,

several Acts of Parliament, palfed in the Thirty-first in the County of Salop; and for setting out and mak-Year of the Reign of his late' Majesty, and in the First ing a new Branch of Road from the present Turnpike and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of jesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in Madeley, to communicate with the said Turnpike Road the County of York,lo far as the same relate to the at or near the End of a Lane leading to the Village of

Road from Wakefield to Slte was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lajcelks, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pemftone and

Sheffield Road Bill, committed.

Clackmanan and Perth Roads Bill, committed.

Etwall Indo-lure Bill, pulied.

Norton, in the Parish of Stockton, in the said County; and Setting forth. That, if the said new Branch of Road is made, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners, by diminifiiing the Tolls now collected on the said several Roads, whereon the Petitioners have lent considerable Sums of Money, and that the making of such new Road will not be attended with any particular A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act Advantage or Accommodation to the Public: And of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the therefore praying. That Power may not be granted by Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road the said Bill for making the said new Road, and that from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Coun-County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road lei, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect

them.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

from Pcnifiotte to Sheffield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bcrforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Claekmanan said Petition, and Perth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Keith, Mr. Fergufon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etzvall,in the County of Dwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Auguff us Henry Cavendifli do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improv- Settrington ing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, inclosareBiil, or Walle Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in comjmtted-the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition of Navigation from the LeicesterNavigation to Melton c-tainCand Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, and of the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several

Companies against the Leicester Navigation Bill.

Ditton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted in the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the fe- making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parlia-

Petition of certain Mortgagees of Tolls, against Watling Street and Madeley Roads Bill.

veral Commons and Walle Grounds in the Township of Ditton, in the Parish of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by certain Acts of Parliament, passed for repairing the Road leading from Gibbet Lane to the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and from the Town of Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to in

the County of Salop, and several other Roads within

that District, and also the Road leading from High Petition, if they think fit.

ment, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigatiorf, and several other Works, in such Act mentioned; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains Clauses and Provisions for imposing additional Rates and Tolls, highly injurious to the Interests of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges secured to them by the said original Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That their Rights and Interests may be protested, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such injurious Clauses and Provisions as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their

Pullen in Wednesbury,in the County of Stafford, to the

further End of Darlafion Lane, next the Port Way, and from thence through Bi/fion to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from 3

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill

0

V- c -«

e ?rv-r c.-:-:-

t -

1:. \Z~-'

37 Geo. III.

2 I

22° Martii.

4 1

CMcUefley LVirbcrt Iu-closure Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of CkadJeJliy Cornell, in the County of Worcefrer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-rifon, Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bhnkney &c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common committed.' ' Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parithcs of and

Scop wick, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Karri k ,7, Mr. E award Foley, See.: And they are to meet tuis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Milnthorp and Kirkby Loud fc!.i lc

PvCXld Bill,

committed.

Bill to amend Act for railing Men in Scotland for the Army and Navy, passed.

Bill to ?.l!ow the Banks in Scotland to i ue certain Na:es, passed.

Militia Pay Bill, pasted.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Is hi nth orp to Lonfdcdc, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Michael Le Fleming, Sir ll'il/iam Lord her, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Numj " ber of Men, in the l'everal Counties, Stewartries, " Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of " Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the " Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to allow the Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland to issue Notes for Sums under Twenty Shillings Sterling, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have iliued Notes for small ijums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One

thou land Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Vol. 52.

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great called England, for the Y'ear One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself Into a Committee of the ° *

whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Bill. cel,<'r Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the: same *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

Mercurii, 2 2° Martii,

Anno 3 70 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797 *

Pra

y ers.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the/Title be, An Act for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Elf or d do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence *

Mr. Ellison presented to the House, according to Lincoln Roads Order, a Bill for contirluing the Term, and altering and Prcient~ enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty#

King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge,

Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

5 O An

Hornby, Sec. Inclosure Bill, passed.

4i 8 22° Martii.A. 1797.

Over Kcllet An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain pa/rul.Ure ' '' Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Ov Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 16. To leave out from " Execution" to " And," in 1. 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title - be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, called Over Ke/let Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship ot Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halton indo- An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-paflta U' ing> a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of ,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. ult. To leave out from " Execution" to " And," in Pr. 23. 1. 10.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton within and Parcel of the

Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Uebtors'peti- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ting, deterred, consider of the Petition of those Prisoners, confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, \yho have taken, and those who mean to take, the Benefit of the Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Chewton Mr. Diehinfon Senior reported from the Committee,

doiUre'BiH ° wh°m the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-reported.' ' doling, the Open Commons and Waste Lands, within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Mendip, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

8

- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Whitney the Petition of ‘Thomas Longfellow, of the Town of Bndi»e Peti-Brecon, in the County of Brecon, Innholder, John Long- tu>n'uporteA fellow, of the same Place, Coachmaster, John Phillips, of the Town of Hay, in the said County of Brecon, Innholder, Assignees of Sarah Weale, Widow and Relict of Thomas IVeale, Gentleman, deceased, Francis Eves,

Gentleman, Charles Haywood, Gentleman, Lewis Chambers, Gentleman, and the said John Phillips, who were Undertakers, named and appointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for building a Bridge across the River life,

" between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford," and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing in the several Counties of Hereford-,

Brecon, and Radnor, whose Names are thereunto sub- 1

feribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with, in respect to the Notice directed to be given on the Door of the Sessions House at Michaelmas last; but that the Notices were not given in the Hereford Journal, until the 5th Day of 1796, and,

owing to the Printer neglecting to insert it in the Two subsequent Papers, w'hich he was directed to do, the other Notices were not given until the 23d and 30th Days of November last; and that it was not the Intention of the Proprietors to have applied to Parliament this Session for Power to re-build the said Bridge, if they had not been threatened with an Indictment and Prosecution; and, since the Petition has been presented, One of the Proprietors received an Account of fresh Notices for a Prosecution against them; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Richard Wooding being examined, said. That in pursuance of the said Act, Three Stone Bridges have been erected by the Undertakers, between Whitney and Clifford, in the Course of about Twelve Years, at an Expence of upwards of £. 5,000, all of which have fallen down, owing solely to the Badness of the Foundation in the Bed of the River for erecting a Stone Bridge, which has been a great Loss to the Undertakers, and of much Inconvenience to the Public.

That if a Bridge was built of Timber and Stone, it might be done with every Probability of its being permanent, and more suitable to the Bed of the River, and of equal Convenience to the Public; and which the Petitioners Thomas Longfellow, John Longfellow, and John Phillips, are willing to undertake, in case the Act is amended and altered, and the Tolls thereof varied from the present Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford: And that Air. John Pitt and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the innkeeper Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, reporte increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

VcjOOffte

Committee appointed to consider of promoting the Cultivation of Waste Lands.

The Lords have agreed to

Land Tax Commissioners Bill.

Trent and Mersey Canal Kcfcrvoir, &c. Bill.

Othery Inclosurc Bill.

Huish Epif-copi inclosure

Bill.

Wem Roads Bill-

Old Stratford . Roads Bill.

37 Geo. III. 220 Ma. 4x9

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Bajiard, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Harrison, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Page, Mr. Fox, Sir

Charles Banbury, the Earl of Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Wallace, Sir Henry Fletcher, Mr. Annejlex, Mr. liurdon, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Hi lev ton, Mr. Browne, Sir William Sir Martin Browne

Folltes, Mr. Hobart, Sir William Sir John

pherson, Mr. Wood, Mr. Porter, Mr. Nicho/ls, Mr. Egerton. Sir George Augujius William Shuchburgh Evelyn, Mr.

RoJ'e, Mr. Long, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Smith-, and all the Knights of Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-sevenwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Freni to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their laid Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near P.n-don, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and all'o a Reservoirfor supplying the several Canals oft lie said Company with Water; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pultuns, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Huish Episcopi,in the County of Somerset; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Went, in the County of Salop,to the Lime Rocks at y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thir-Vou 52.

tieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Worccfer, and Gloucester,so far as relate to the Road leading from

a Gate called Shipflon Foil Gate, at Bridge 1:1 the

Parish of Old Stratford, through' Aldermhfler and ston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Wanvick-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be prepared, and laid before this House, an Account of the Number of French Prisoners at present in Great Britain, and how the same are disposed of;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " and how the " same are disposed of."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be prepared, and laid before this House, an Account of the Number of French Prisoners at present in Great Britain.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be prepared, and laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Foreigners who have come into Great Britain since the i ft Day of May 1792, and are now resident therein; distinguishing the Number of the Laity and Clergy, and also the Number of each Sex.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction, contained in the Minute of Council of the a6th of February last, on Payments of Cash by the Bank;

Ordered, That the Copy of Minute of Council of 26th February 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, upon the 3d and 7th Days of this Instant March, were made from the Committee of Secrecy, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to

Address for Account of French Prisoners in Great Britain.

D°of Foreigners come into Great Britain since 1 ft May

1791.

Committee on Bill for confirming and continuing Minute ot Council *

Supply, deferred.

Ways anc} Means, deferred.

Whitney Kridjrc Bill, p relented.

WelliAg-borough and Northampton Road Bi!), prclented.

Mr. Cole's petition against Cyndbury Inclomre Bill.

Harwood tn-clolure Bill, reported.

420

22° — 23° Martii. A. 1797 *

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 2 30 die Martii; Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to 'report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge acrols the River between Whitney and Clifford,in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dichins presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the down of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Street, in the Town of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend William Cole, Clerk, Rector ol Eynefoury,in the County of Huntingdon, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eynesbury in the County of Huntingdon-, and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Clauses and Provisions, which, if pasted into a Law, will prove highly injurious to his Right and Interest: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afte<ft his Interest, and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks tit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Wane Grounds, within the Township of Hanvood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates aftbfled to the Land Tax at 1. is. 1 d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Estates affeiied at £.1. 3d. per An-

rum, who were neuter; and that the \V hole of the Estates, within the said Township, are afieHcd to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum of £.21. 3;. $d. aiy]

2

A Petition of Thomas Rozvcroft, of the City of Lon- Mr. Ro . don, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; tion'a nit Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner and London Occupier of a certain public Sufferance Wharf, called gjifks'&c Hubbert's Wharf, adjoining to Cherry Garden, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bin the County of Surrey, and also of certain extensive commodious and substantial Warehouses erected there, and used with the said Wharf; and that the Business of a Public Sufferance Wharfinger has for many Years past been carried on with Credit and Advantage at the said Wharf and Premises, and the Petitioner, relying on such Business not only continuing, but increasing, has, from Time to Time, expended very considerable Sums in the Purchase and Improvement of the said Premises; and that the said Wharf, Warehouses, and Piemiles, are well calculated for landing, shipping, and housing. Foreign and other Merchandize, for accommodating the Merchants of London and Southwark, for securing and protecting the Public Revenue, and for discharging all other Duties appertaining to legal Quays at the Port of London; and that a Bill for making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is now depending in the House, which Bill, if pasted into a Law, will greatly injure, if not wholly annihilate, the Business carried on at the Petitioner's said Wharf and Premises, and consequently render them of very inconsiderable Value, if some Provisions, at present omitted, are not thereby, or otherwise, secured to the Petitioner; and that the said Bill is in other Respects injurious to him: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, and to offer Clauses for Compensation and Indemnity, or the Grant of Privileges limilar to those which the intended Dock Company are soliciting, in regard to the landing, shipping, and discharging of Foreign and other Goods, and for such other Relief as Parliament may think the Petitioner entitled to, and also to offer such Proofs and Arguments, in Opposition to the said Bill, in its present Form, as he shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrubtion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to chatliam whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Je"rted. ' and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, pasted in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Gooootr

Liverpool and Pieicot Roads

JBiii, iw-poiitd.

Dover, Deal,

and Sandu Lh Roads Bill, reported.

Chewton. Mendip Inclosure BilJ, passed.

37 Geo. III. 230 Martii.4

from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the- City of Roc Just cr, to 67. Danjlan's near the City o

terbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade Corin the Parish of Preston ,to Brigham Cross, and SkaImsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chi!ham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I Joule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Cafcoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from to Prefcot,

Ashton, and Harrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be\true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town anti Borough of Deal,to a certain Place, in the Parish of hiholden, called FonlField, and for making a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Haeklinge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Ficid called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the

Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken, that there were several Interlineations in the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingross'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewt Mendip, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining Vol. 52.

to, the Township or Parish of Chewtoh Mendip, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr; Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for {he Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrolled) for increasing the Bill, passed. Hates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third '.rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing the Hates of Subiidcncc to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to reioive itself into a Committee of the whole House, pevt nu n toconlider of the Report which was made from the Mr. Foote, Committee, to whom the Petition of John Foote, of the &c *

City of- London, Banker, William Manning) of the same City, Merchant, Alexander Cut liberty of Berners Street)

Oxford Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire,

William Marsh, of Norfolk Street, in the Strandy Esquire, and John Teldham, late of Sating Grove, in the County of Essex, but now of Helixes, in the same County, Esquire, was referred, ba now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

TheHoule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to J move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for discharging the Estates of John Teldham,

Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, discharging the Estates of John Yeldhmn Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr.

Bramston do piepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member ad-

. 1 1 deutobrme

tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a in Adilock Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the lc- Inclwurc Bill, veral Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed,

Owners and Proprietors oi Lands within the Manor and Parish of Adstock, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Hobart pretinted to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adstock, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtors Peti-to consider of the Petition of those Prisoners, confined non. for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, who have taken, and those who mean to take, the Benefit of the Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relict of Debtors, with re-

5 P " lpeft

InUruction.

reported.

BUI ordered.

Kind's Bench Debtors Petition.

The Lord have passed

Lord Cadogan'$ Divorce Bill-

Bill read.

Petition re-lpect me; No-tu.e-i for >i:u id.:; liham, &<:. Drajrnge re|»o»tevl.

422

23° Afa

A. 1797.

" fpost to the Imprisonment of their Pevions,"' might be read.

And the same be in 7; read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, that they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bieickbut) teof Lancajliire took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Blackburne accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with rlped to the M imprisonment of their Persons," as relates to the Weekly Sum thereby dlreded to be paid to Prisoners for Debt, in the same therein mentioned.

And Mr. Blackburnemoved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for th e Relief ot Debtors, with respect to the " imprisonment of their Persons,' as relates to the Weekly Sum thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners for Debt, in the same therein mentioned: And that Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Stanley, and Sir Charles Buid)ary, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Ptifon of the King's Bench, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Did refs; and Setting forth. That the Allowance to Insolvent Debtors by the Laws in being, from the great Increase in the Price of Provisions, is inadequate to their Support: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and not only to extend the Act of the Second of King George the Second, by making the Debtor's Weekly Allowance, adequate to his Support, according to the present Price of the Necessaries of Life, but by enlarging the Sum, so that Debtors of every Description may take the Benefit of it, to which they conceive themselves in ftrid Justice equally entitled.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr, Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That General Adeane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fe-vtrql Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ' being Proprietors of Estates in Haddenham Level, in the ille of Ely, was referred.

General Adeane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House > and he read the Report I

iri his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition Mr.

John Ranoiekbeing examined, said, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the Thirteenth Day of December last, Notices were affixed on the Church Doors of Sutton, Haddenham, Wilburton Went-, worth, and The!ford, in the I fie of and County of Cambridge, on the 15th, 22(1, and 29th of January last, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of Haddenham ,in the Ille of Ely, in the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Drainage.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of December last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within Haddenham Level, in the Isle of Eh, in the County of Cambridge, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level, in the " Isle of Ely" and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Tor he do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That General Adeane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fe- Cranage Pe-veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, titiou, report-on Behalf of themselves and others, Commissioners for executing the several Acts thereinafter mentioned, so far as respects the First District therein described, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mil-denhall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River,

North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, EarfwellBrooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall,was referred.

General Adeane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House ;and he read the Report in Ills Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Atts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of1 the Reign' of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ille of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Milder hull River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, EarJzveJl Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands, were read: And,

GoO<, lr-

37 Geo. III.

23" — 240 Martii.

4 $

Mr. Richard Pigott being examined, laid. That he is

Treasurer to the Commissioners of the First District in Burnt Fen; and that the Taxes have been duly raised and applied in pursuance of the said Acts: That the said Commissioners have caused to be carried into Execution the several Works of Drainage j and the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in their laid District, and the Owners thereof, have derived great Benefit therefrom; and the said Commissioners have from Time

General Adeane prerented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common p‘r‘efented. and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, mid Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Directors of the Poor of the Town Petition froni to Time borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit of Bedford, and other principal Inhabitants of the said nftlhe of the said Taxes, and several Sums of Money are now Town, was presented to the Houl'c, and read; Taking Poor Bill.

due and owing from the said Commissioners, who are, from the great and heavy Expence attending the Maintenance of the Works aforesaid, unable to pay off their Debt: That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said First District might be further greatly improved, if additional Works of Drainage were made therein; but the present Rates and Taxes, being insufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, such additional Works cannot be made and supported without the Aid of Parliament:

Tlrcn,

Mr. William Waudby, Surveyor and Engineer, being examined, laid. That he is well acquainted with the Fen called Burnt Fen, and knows the Situation thereof, and of the Banks belonging to the fame: That there are about 2,000 Acres of Land lying between the South Bank of Brandon River, Lakenkeath Load, and the Bank called The Cross Bank, which derive very considerable Advantage and Benefit from the said South Bank of Brandon River: That so much of the said South Bank as prevents the said Fen Land from Inundation, is supported at the Expence of the Proprietors of Lands in the said First District; and that it Majesty's Subjects in that Kingdom to His Majesty's is conceived to be reasonable, that the said Fen Lands Person and Government;

Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And praying, That the United Parishes of the Town of Bedford may be exempted from the Operation of the said Bill, as wholly inapplicable to their Situation and Circumstances, though the Petitioners do not take upon them to decide upon the general Tenor of the Bill, or to derogate from the Merits which, upon a full and impartial Investigation, it may be deemed by the House to possess.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Motion was'made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleal'ed to take state "ofire-into His Royal Consideration the dillurbed State of 1 "

His Kingdom of Ireland, and to adopt such healing and lenient Measures as may appear to His Majesty's Wildom belt calculated to reltore Tranquillity, and to conciliate the Affections of all Descriptions of His

Neg.

ought to be taxed towards the future Support of so much of the said South Bank of Brandon River as is so fi(mated; and therefore it is proposed, that proper Powers should be given to the Commissioners of the said First District, for laying and collecting a Tax on the said Lands.

The Witness further said, That a Bank called The North Bank of Mildetihall, situate within the Second District, is of essential Consequence for the Preservation of the Lands in the First District, and it is therefore expedient, that feme Provision should be made for enabling the Commissioners of the said First District to repair and support that Bank, if the Commissioners for the Second District do not cause the Repairs to be made in a proper Time and Manner: And he added, That the Powers of the said Acts require, in several Re-Ipects, to be amended, altered, explained, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and prele ving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ille " of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and between

" Mildetihall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon

84.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr 11 r', v f Mr. Curve en, I

Tellers for the \ cas, j Mf Smith ]

rp „ C , n- I The Lord

Mers for the Noes, \ Mr. Joh

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die Martii;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Meffirge by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the ‘2?,jAire# *

A Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several River, North, bounded on the West by the River Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im-Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfwell mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

" Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildetihall, and for " empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty " of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid,

" commonly called Invejled Lands," so far as relates to of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House First District described in the said Act; and also to of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness first-recited Act: And that General Adeane and Mr., the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of

Charles Torke do prepare, and bring in, the lame. His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His

Vol. z Royal

'424 24 " Martii.1797.

Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notiiy the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the , Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afi'ent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: '

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-seven

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Rel'ervoir for supplying the several Canals of the said Company with Water:

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge, in the County of York:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from through

Lane, Sutton Scotney, and in the County of

Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Went, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron-y-Garth, and several other Roads, in the Coun-

ties of Salop and Denbigh:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thir- tieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick,

and Gloucester, so far as relate to the Road leading from a Gate called ShipjlonToll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, through and Ship-

fan upon Slower,to the Top of Long Compton in the said. County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puritan, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Huish Epijcopi, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging,'allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Oth in the County of Somerset: An Act to enable Denny Martin, Dodlorin Divinity, to take, ule, and bear the Surname and Arms ol

fax, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Andrew

Thornbo- Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom lure ncme0-' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Comported. ' mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborouvh,in Che County of Buckingham,

was committed; That the Comriiittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 9$ Yard Lands and feme odd Parts, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Proprietors of 5!

Yard Lands, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 62 J Yard,

Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or- Adderbnrjr der, a Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, r b!? and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the presented. Guide Post in the Village of Adderb in the County of Oxford, through KicUington,to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to A(hdworth Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of in the County of Clou refer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Aa re. Powers of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- l'cnted. fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common " Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County " of Gloucester:"And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open (jhalgnvfln-and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and 1 '

Commonable Places, in the Parish of in

the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefeot, A Pit on, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lan-cvfer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year ot

His

37 Geo. IIL 140 MartiL 42$

1

His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually re- firming to such College certain Rights, Privileges, and pairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Immunities, was read a Second Time; '

Prefcot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr;

mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. waring, Mr. Hobart, &c,: And they are to meet this Ordered, That Mr. Gascoynedo carry the Bill to the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Chamber.

Petition for Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, Perth Roads

County'ifate' wh°m she Petition of the Churchwardens and Ov er- so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and :>comnut *

for Middlesex, seers of the Poor of the Parishes and Liberties of Saint Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Mi-

reported. Qj/es in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, the fe- jesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the

veral Parishes of Saint James Westminster, Saint Martin County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to in the Fields, Saint Margaret and Saint John Westminster, Crieff, and the Branches thereof, was read a Second

Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Time

Mary le Strand, Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Saint George the Martyr,the Liberty of the Rolls, and' Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

the Liberties of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Rents, in the County of Midd/efex, on Behalf of them- Chamber, lelves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Liberties; and also, the Petition of the Church- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open wingm-e wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Saint Mary Whitechapel, Saint Luke Midd/efex, Christ- Commonable Lands, within the Parish of lu Bill-0 *

church. Saint Botolph without Aldgate, Saint John Wap-' in the County of , was read Flled-

ping, Sains Paul Shadwell, Saint Ann Limehouse,the the Third Time.

Hamlets of Ratcliff, Poplar, and Blackwall, and Mile Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

End Neiv Town, in the County of Midd/efex, on Be- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

half of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

said several Parishes and Hamlets, were severally re- monable Lands, within the Parish of Wingrave with

ferred; That the Committee had examined thy Mat- , in the county of.

ters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to re- Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the

port the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make the Re- Kinross and was read; and is as followeth; viz.port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Joseph several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tlon, reported, Bnrchell, Esquire, Treasurer of the County of Miiidle-being Freeholders, Heritors, and Justices of Peace, sex, being examined, said. That the Parishes, Liber- of the Counties of Kmross, Perth, and Clackmanan, ties, and Places, in' the Petitions mentioned, have through which the great Road thereinafter-mentioned long laboured under very heavy and burthensome Ex- palles, was referred.

pences, on Account of the Inequality by which the Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the County Rates for Middlesex are alfelTed and levied said Committee, That the Committee had examined, upon the different Parishes, Liberties, and Places, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, within the said County; that the Proportions of relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;

County Rates laid upon the several Districts and Di- and that the Committee had examined the Matter of visions of each County, were fixed and established ac- the said Petition, which they had directed to be recording to the Quotas which the several Counties ported to the House; and he read the Report in his raised for the Land Tax so far back as the Year 1739, Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's lince which Time, from the Increase of Houses and Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-Buildings, such Quotas (raised within many of the eth; viz.

Districts and Parishes in the County of Middlesex To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a where there has been a considerable Decrease in rate- Member present informed your Committee, That the able Property) are so enormoully dilproportioned to Great Road from in the Shire of Kinross, to

the Valuation of rateable Property within many of in the Shire of Clackmanan, passing through the fol- i

the other Districts and Divisions of the same County, lowing Parishes in the Counties of Kinross, Perth, and <

that the Petitioners are induced to apply to be re- Clackmanan, viz. Kinross, Tullybole, and Clack-

lieved from a Burthen so grievous and oppressive to mtill it falls in upon the great Road to Alloa, in

the Property of the Inhabitants of the said several the said County of Clackmanan, is very much fre- j

Parishes and Hamlets; that in the Year 1704 the quested, as w-ell by Travellers, as by Carriage of Goods,;

Whole of the County Rate levied upon the County and that in some Parts the said Road is dangerous to

of Middlesex amounted only to the Sum of £. 400, Travellers, and in many Parts ruinous; and that the

which Rate, in the Year 1796, had increased to the repairing the said Road will be of great Advantage to

enormous Sum of £.11,000; and as new and addi- the Public, and will greatly tend to the Interest of

tional Burthens are from Time to Time charged upon Commerce; and that the ordinary Means provided by the County Rates, the same is now become an into- Law for repairing the said Road having proved ineffec-

lerable Grievance, and a very heavy Charge upon the tual, the same cannot be made and kept in Repair,

Poors Rate of the said several Parishes. without the Aid and Interposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County making and repairing the Road from Kinross, in the of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of County of Kinross, to Alloa, in the County of Clack- \

the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for manan: And that Mr. William Dundas, the Lord j

the said County: And that Mr. Mainwaringand Mr. and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the 1

Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame. fame. 1

I,

cvk'Tnill A Bill for erecting the Corporation of Surgeons of Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Dover, Deal, I

committed. ' London into a College, and for continuing and con- whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road wiclx

Vol. t,‘l. 3 Q leading committed 1

Bill, reported.

ft

Barnaourh Harbour Bill, prclented.

Petition in Favour of New-cji'Uc upon Tyne Canal Bill.

Penge Inclosure Bill, deferred.

Canterbury Election — Petition of Mr. Callaway, &c. Electors.

420 24 0 Martii.A. 1797.

leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Dealto a certain Place, in the Parish of Sholden, called Foulmead and for mak-

ing a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm

House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich, was re-committed; That the Committee had gone through. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,"in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Williams Vaughan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and preserving the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth ? And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Corporation, being " The Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for " Seamen at Greenwich,in the County of Kent," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of upon Tyne,

to, or nearly to, Haydon Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland: And praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Commonly-

ing within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of John Callaway, John Minter, Edxvard Hambrook, Richard Hambrook, Richard Dixon,

White, Thomas Salmon, William Mathers, James -son, Robert Hayes Legget, George Culmer, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Pittman Rouse, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Totaling, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, John Southee, Richard Edward Goldfinch, James Elwyn, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas White, Thomas Richard son, Edward Homersham, James Homersham, Robert Fea, John

Cheavele, John Halbet, John Marrable, Henry Kirkby, John Pringuer, and William Thornton, in Behalf of

themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, previous to the last General Election, His Majesty, as appears by a certain Writ directed to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury, did order a certain Parliament to be holden at the City of Westminster, on the 12th Day of July tail pad, and did, by the Writ aforesaid, command «nd itridtly enjoin the said Sheriff of the City of Can-t-riairy,that he should caulc Two Citizens of the same City to be freely and indifferently elected, and that

the Names of those Citizens, so to be elected, he should cause to be inserted in certain Indentures to be thereupon made between him and those who should be present at such Election, and them, at the Day and Place aforesaid, he should cause to come; and that the said Parliament, lo ordered to be holden in the City of Westminster, was, by several Writs, prorogued to and until the 27th Day of September last pall, and was there then holden; and that the said Sheriff of the City of Canterbury did, in Obedience to the aforesaid Writ, proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City: That at the said Election George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were Candidates, and that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were, by a certain Indenture, declared to have been freely and indifferently chosen, according to the Tenor and Effect of the aforesaid Writ; and that the Petitioners and certain other Electors of the same City of Canterbury did, immediately upon the allembling of the Parliament, so commanded to be holden as aforesaid, present a certain Petition to the House, question-ing and complaining of the Return of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, and alledging, that at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City of Canterbury, George Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were Candidates, and that, before and during the said Election, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Promises of Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts of Money, Presents, and Allowance of Meat, Drink, and other Entertainment, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for them the said John. Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge; and that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll for the said City over the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, and the Returning Officer of the said City returned the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge as the Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said John Baker and Samuel Elias -r bridge were, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices of themselves and their Agents, disabled and incapacitated upon the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said City, and the said Election of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge was void, and the Petitioners confined the Allegations of the said Petition to the said Offences of Bribery and Treating alone; and that the Matter of the said Petition was referred to a Select Committee of the House, and the Petitioners produced before the said Committee Evidence in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and were about to produce further Evidence in Support thereof, when the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge publicly, by their Coun-fel, declared to the said Committee their Determination to decline making any further Opposition to, or Defence against the said Petition; and that thereupon the said Committee did determine, that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were not duly elected, and that the last Election of Citizens, to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury, was a void Election, which said Determinations were duly reported to, and confirmed by, the House; and that a certain other Writ, bearing Date the 2d Day of March Instant, was issued, directed to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury aforesaid, reciting, " That John " Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Ellas Esquire,

" were lately chosen Citizens for the said City, and

" that

37 Geo. IIL 240 Martil. 427

‘‘ that the Lower House of Parliament had adjudged for the said City in the Month of May last, John Bakery " the Election of them, the said John Baker and Samuel Esquire, Samuel Elias Esquire, George,

" Elias Sawbridge, to be void," and commanding the Esquire, and Sir John , Baronet, were Candi-

said Sheriff that he should cause Two other fit and dates; and that loon after the ali'embling of the Par-dilcreet Citizens of the said City to be defied in liamentj holden after the said Election, certain Persons, the Place of the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw- on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors bridge; and that the said George Gipps and Sir John of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, llcnywood, and John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw bridge, presented a Petition to the House, questioning and were again Candidates at such renewed Election, and complaining of the Return of the said John Baker and that a great Number of the Electors of the City of Samuel Elias and alledging that, before and

Canterbury did give their Votes for each of them on that during the said Election, the said John Baker and Samuel Occasion, but that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Elias Sawbridge, were, by themselves and Agents, guilty Sawbridge, having d Majority of Votes on the Poll, of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents were, by a certain Indenture, declared to have been by Promiles ef Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts freely and indifferently chosen, according to the Tenor of Money, Presents, and Allowance of Meat, Drink, and Effetft of the said last mentioned Writ; and that, and other Entertainment, and divers other corrupt and before the giving the Votes at such renewed Eleiftion, illegal Practices, procure, and endeavour to procure, a public Notice was given to the Eleiftors of the same great many of the Eleiftors to vote for them the said City, and all'o to the Returning Officer, that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias; and further

John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, by Reason of alledging, that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Prac-the Premises aforesaid, were ineligible to represent the tices, the said and Samuel Elias Sawbridge

City of Canterbury in Parliament on that Occasion, and obtained a Majority of Votes, on the Poll, for the said that every Vote given in Favour of them would be ab- City, over the said George Gipps and Sir John Honyxvoodi folutely useless, and thrown away; and that the Electors and that the Returning Officer of the said City had reef the said City, who voted for the said John Baker and turned the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge Samuel Elias Sawbridge, at the Time of giving their as the Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for Votes well knew that the said John Baker and Samuel the said City, whereas the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were incapable of fitting in Parliament were, by the corrupt ;yid illegal Prac-

for the said City, and that, after the Clole of the Poll tices aforesaid of themselves and their Agents, disabled on that Occasion, and before the Execution of the said and incapacitated, upon the said Eleiftion, to serve in last mentioned Indenture, the Sheriff of the said City Parliament for the said City; and that the Matter of was required to return the said George Gipps and Sir the said Petition was referred to a Selcfft Committee of John Honywood as the Persons elected to serve in Par- the House, who resolved that the said Baker and liament for the said City in pursuance of the said last- Samuel Elias Saxvbridge were not duly eleifted, and that mentioned Writ; and that the said John Baker and the said Eleiftion was a void Eleiftion; and that, on Samuel Elias Saxvbridge have offended against the Stand- the said Resolutions being reported to the House, n ing Order against Bribery, made by the House of Com- new Writ was ordered to be issued, and was accord-mons in the Year 1678, and also against the Act of ingiy issued on the 2d Day of March Instant, direifted Parliament of the Seventh Year of King William the to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury, whereby he waff Third, Chapter the Fourth, and have obtained the Seats directed, that, in the Place of the said John Baker and; they now hold in the House by the Violation of the Samuel Elias Sawbridge, he should cause to be eleifted said Order and Aift of Parliament, and by gross Bribery, Two other fit Persons; and that, in pursuance of the Treating, and corrupt Praiftices, committed by them- said Writ, the said Sheriff proceeded to a new Eleiftion selves, and their Agents, before and after the issuing of on the 9th Day of the said Month of March, when the the said first-n.e ltioned Writ, and before, and during said John Baker, Samuel Elias Sawbridge, George the Progress of, the said first-mentioned Eleiftion; and and Sir John Honyxvood, were again Candidates, and the that the Petitioners are advised that the said John Baker said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, having the and Samuel Elias Saxvbridge mere, by Reason of the Pre- Majority of Votes, were again returned as Citizens, in miles, ineligible to represent the City of Canterbury in this present Parliament, for the said City of Canterbury; Parliament on such renewed Eleiftion, and that, not- and that the Petitioners conceive that the said John withstanding the Majority of Votes was in their Favour, Baker and Samuel Elias Saxvbridge are, by the Refoiu-the Returning Officer of the said City of Canterbury tion before-mentioned, rendered incapable to represent ought to have returned the said George Gipps and Sir the City of Canterbury in Parliament, at any Eleiftion-John Honyxvood as the Persons duly eleifted to represent to fill the said Vacancy, and therefore were not eligible, the same City in Parliament, and that the said John and ought not to have been returned at the same Elec-Baker and Samuel Elias Saxvbridge, by Reason of the tion; and that the said George Gipps and Sir John Premises aforesaid, are to be deemed and taken no Honywood were, before and during the Eleiftion in May Members of the Parliament, and ought not to have any last, by themselves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers,

Vote or Place in the Parliament: And therefore pray- guilty of many notorious and flagrant Aifts of Bribery ing. That the House will take the Premises into Con- and Corruption, by giving large Sums of Money to the sideration on an early Day, and will declare the said last Eleiftors of the said City, and by corruptly promising Election and Return of the said John Baker and Samuel to the said Eleiftors, or some of them, large Presents,

Elias Saxvbridge to be void, and that the said George Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, in order to procure Gipps and Sir John Honywood were duly eleifted, and them to vote lor the said George Gipps and Sir John ought to have been returned, on that Occasion, and Hand the said and Sir wist grant to the Petitioners such further Relief in the wood did, after the Telle and illning out of the Writ Promiles as to the House shall seem fit. of Election, previous to the said Vacancy, by them-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- lelves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers, give, pre-sideration upon Hue [day, the 25th Day of April next, sent, and allow, to divers Persons, having Voice or Vote at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. in the said Eleiftion, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertain-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ment, and Provision, and did make Promises, Agree-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ments, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow others, being lawful Eleiftors of the City of Canterbury, Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, and County of the same City, was also delivered in at Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several the Tabic, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last Persons io having or claiming Right to vote in the said General Eleiftion of Members to serve ia Parliament Eleiftion, and to and for the L'fe, Advantage, Benefit,

Vox.. 52. Profit,

428 24" Martii. A. 1797.

Profit, and Preferment, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure them, the said George Gipps and Sir John Hvny-'wood, to be duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, contrary to, and in Defiance and Contempt of a Standing Order of the House, and of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for " preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of " Members to serve in ParliamentThat the Petitioners were adviled that they, the said George Gipps and Sir JohnHonyzvood, were disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the said City, and therefore the Petitioners, and many other legal Electors for the said City, refuled, and did not vote either for the said John Baker and Samuel Elias or for the said

George Gipps and Sir Jo or any of them: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and that the said John Baker, Samuel Elias George , and

Sir John Honyzvood, may be declared to be ineligible in the present Parliament, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to them, in their Wisdom, shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last: preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

FaringJon, Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Uoiw orted ° w om Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of divers Parishes, Hamlets, and Townlliips, within the Hundreds of Fa-ringdon, Ganfield, and Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Crozedy being examined, said, That the Poor belonging to the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Town-ships, are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof; that it is apprehended, if a proper and suitable House were provided for the Reception of all the Poor within the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships generally, and proper Powers were given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to.all Persons paying to the Poor Rates of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, but would also tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships, therein mentioned, situate in the Hundreds

of Faringdou, Ganfield, and Shrivenham, in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George

% ( O

fan ft start do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Aflicott tn-Commons and Walk Lands, within the Parish of Ash- cl°iure Bill; colt, in the County of Somerset,was read a Second toranmtt"' Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Drayton Par-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, j p T the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Drayton P in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Mr. Yddham' Order, a Bill for discharging the Estates of John Teld- p and!' hami Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Frodflmm the Bill for inclosing, embanking, and improving, a oiy Km‘ , Piece of Land or Ground within the Parish of Frod- indo reBUl, sham, in the County of Chester,called Frodsham Score, reported, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that the foie Proprietor of the Lands intended to be inclosed, embanked, and improved, had contented thereto; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 1'imc, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Actforconti-present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to p fy 'J0 " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, Exportation " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, fidered.

" Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation " of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty," and for permitting Wheat, Wheat " Flour, and Meal, imported in order to obtain the " Bounties granted by an Act of the lati Session of " Parliament, but which have not been found fit for M making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture ot

" Starch,

cooiidered.

House rtfolves to adjourn to Monday.

Bedford Inclosure Bill, reported.

Petition from the Watermen's Company against London Docks, &cc. Bill.

37 Geo. III. 24 0 Martii,429

" Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation that the greater. Part of the Earnings of such Waterof Low Wines and Spirits," might be read. men, so plying upon the Lord's Day, arise from the

And the same being read accordingly; carrying of Seamen and other Persons on Board the

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Vessels lying in the said River, but, if the said Bill itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- should pass into a Law, more than Three-fourths of lider of the said Act:. such Earnings will be loft to the Petitioners, and the

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said numerous Objects of Distress which are supported by Committee. the said Charity will be thereby deprived of its Relief

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. and Assistance: That, for several Years last past, the

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Average Number of Apprentices bound into the Ser-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. vice of the Petitioners amounts to Three Hundred and

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he upwards Annually, and the Petitioners have Reason was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, to believe that the Annual Number of such Appren-when the House will please to receive the same. tices would be reduced to less than Fifty, if the said

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Bill should pals into a Law; and that, in the Courl'e Morning next. of the present War, Four Thousand Persons and up-

wards have been furnished from the Body of the Peri-Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the tioners, who are now serving, either as impelled Men House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. or Volunteers, in His Majesty's Navy, and, if the Petitioners should be compelled to desert their Employ- Mr. IVb'itbread reported from the Committee, to ments by the passing of the said Bill into a Law, and whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the if the Number of their Apprentices should be reduced Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and as before Rated, the Public would sustain an efiential Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in Injury, in the Destruction of one of its bell Nurseries the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was for Seamen: And therefore praying, That they may be committed; That the Committee had examined, and heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law. to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Bill, and found the same to be true; and tjiat the Par- is committed; and - that the Petitioners be heard, by tics concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Or, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Petition, ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, Petition from Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Water- „een-s . put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. men, Wherrymcn, and Lightermen, upon the River pany against

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Thamesbetween and under their lhe Bj1|ntorthe ingossed. Common Seal, was also presented to the House and PortofLvn-

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving the Port, d°n-A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, of Land containing the same Allegations as thfc and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Water- last preceding Petition: And therefore praying, That men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel;

Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, under their against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; into a Law.

Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Ac- Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill commodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said forth, That the Petitioners, the Company of Water- Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, consist of Ten Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Thousand Persons, and upwards, many of them having mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the numerous Families, and the Whole of their Subsistence same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said is drawn from the Navigation of Boats and Vessels upon Petition.

the said River; and, if the said Bill should be permitted 1

to pass into a Law, the Boats and Vessels of the Peti- A Petition of John Millar, M. D. was presented to Dr. Millar's tioners employed upon the said River will be rendered, the House, and read; Setting forth. That at this awful Petit10"' in a great Measure, useless, and a great Majority of the Crisis, when the National Embarrafiments render it ne-Petitioners, and their numerous Families, deprived of ceflary to enquire into the State of the Finances of the the Means of Subsistence; and that, by an Act, passed Country, it becomes the Duty of the Petitioner to in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, state to the House a same which may tend to discover the Petitioners are empowered to appoint a certain some of the Caules that have induced these Embar-Number of Watermen to ply upon the said River be- raflfnents; may lead to the Means of averting them, twreen Vauxhall, above London Bridge, and Limehouse, and to the Correction of Abuses introduced in the upon the Lord's Day, and the Overplus of the Earn- Collection of the Revenue in Support of new and ha-ings of such Watermen are directed by the said Act zardous Experiments in Finance: At the End of the to be applied to the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, Session 2 Car. Anno 1628, the House of Commons and maimed. Watermen and Lightermen of the said resolved " that no Taxes should be levied without Af-Society and Company, and their Widows; and that by " sent of Parliament," and in the Beginning of March, the Overplus of the Earnings of such Watermen, so in the following Year, they added a solemn Protesta-plying upon the Lord's Day, upwards of Five Hundred tion, " that whoever payed the same should be ac-aged and necessitous Persons are now, and have been " counted Enemies of the KingdomTo avoid this for a Century past and upwards, Annually relieved; and heavy Denunciation, still up repealed, and, as it relates Vol. 52. 5 R to

43 o 24° Marti. A. 1797 *

to Matters of Finance, equivalent to an Act of Parliament, the Petitioner, as in Duty bound, refilled, in the Year 1788, the illegal Impositions of the Officers and Ministers of the Crown in levying Taxes to a greater Amount than had been granted by Parliament by an Act imposing a Duty on Windows, and by several subsequent Acts imposing the Commutation Tax: notwithstanding the earned Desire of the Petitioner to prevent the Officers and Ministers of the Crown from committing themselves by a gross Violation of the Privilege of Parliament, and a Tender of the whole Sum illegally demanded, provided the Surveyor for the Crown would swear to his Survey, the Officers and Ministers of the Crown now acting coileftively, after' ma-' ture Deliberation, persisted in requiring unconditional Submission to their illegal unqualified Demand, in direct - Violation of their Duty, and in open Contempt of the most lacred Privilege of Parliament: On further Inquiry, fthe Petitioner was informed, that the Instances of such Injustice were numerous, and that the Officers and Ministers of the Crown had made great Progress in establishing a System of Double Taxation by making arbitrary Additions to the Taxes regularly imposed by Parliament; that such Stretches of Power had been chiefly exercised against those who had become obnoxious to the Officers and Ministers of the Crown, by faithfully discharging a severe Duty in refilling arbitrary Ministerial Encroachments on the Prerogative of the Crown and the most lacred Privileges of Parliament: That, in Consideration of enormous Advantages unjustly obtained from a partial System of Finance, many had entered into tacit or express Combinations to support the System of Double Taxation, that a great Number had yielded from the Dread of Adversaries armed with all the Power of the State, the Influence of the Crown, and the still more exorbitant Authority derived from the Administration of a new and impracticable System of Finance, professing to pay the Public Creditors at the enormous Rate of Eighty Cent, more than was borrowed, and that those who had dared to apply for Redress were constantly baffled by the Intrigues of Office, Ihifting Responsibility from Department to Department, a Practice in which from long Experience they had become exceedingly dexterous: Of this Class is the Petitioner, who for many Years has suffered under a violent Ministerial Perfection, while, by the highest Command, he has been deeply engaged in a'most laborious and expensive In-veftigation concerning the Means of preserving those brave Men who are so eminently distinguished by their Valour and Perseverance, whose unparalleled Atchieve-ments dart a Gleam of Hope through the Gloom in which the Civil Departments are unhappily involved, and who are inhumanly sacrificed by a barbarous Opposition of the Officers and Ministers of the Crown to the Means by which Myriads of Lives might with Certainty have been laved, as has actually been demonstrated, in the Army, in the Navy, in the Militia, and in the Service of the East India Company, in AJia, Africa, and America, as can be proved by authentic official Vouchers: Yet this Plan, after much Intrigue, has at length been fatally suppressed by a gross Violation of the Royal Prerogative, to the Bane of the Army and Navy, and the Triumph and Exultation of a dangerous Enemy, by whom it has been eagerly adopted, and to whole Success it has eminently contributed. To give a plausible Colour to an unjust, impolitic, and impracticable System of Finance, to which Honour, Humanity, and found political (Economy, have been sacrificed, the Officers and Ministers of the Crown obstinately persist in enforcing Double Taxation, and their arbitrary Exactions are only bounded by the Apprehension of rousing the just Constitutional Jcalously of Parliament, and compelling the House to withdraw that Confidence with which Ministers have long been indulged, beyond all former Example: The §.

Applications of the Petitioner to the Surveyor for the Crown, to the Collector, and to the Commissioners of Appeal, were insolently repelled, and he has been reduced to the severe Alternative of abandoning his Duty, and becoming legally obnoxious to the just Indignation of Parliament, or fullering himself to be plundered, his House, the boasted Cattle of a Subject, through which the Winds and Storms might blow but despotic Power could not enter, to be converted into a Scene of Desolation, Riot, and Confusion, and his Character to be profaned as a public Defaulter: His Property was carried off' with distinguished Marks of Contempt and Derision, without the Option of redeeming it, and, after a pretended Sale, he was insulted by a mock Tender, contumeliously held out as the Balance accruing from a Property of more than Ten Times the Value of the illegal Demand: The Officers and Ministers of the Crown Hand alone responsible for these atrocious Crimes, committed at a melancholy Period, and under afflicting Circumstances, which renJ der it abl'olutely impossible for them to l'creen themselves, with their usual Tricaflery, behind the Sanctuary of the Throne. On an Appeal to the Treasury Board, and a Reference from that Board to the lax Office, the Demand was acknowledged to have been from the Begininng illegal, and the Tax on the Windows of the House was reduced to Half the Sum for which Twenty Times the Value had been confiscated: But no Recti-tution has been offered, nor any Atonement for sacri-legiously removing the Land Marks of the Constitution, and impiously violating the most sacred Privilege of Parliament; on the contrary, further illegal Demands are continually made on the Petitioner, he is insultingly interrogated, if he is not now satisfied, when the Demand is mercifully reduced to Half the Sum for which his Property was confiscated, and his House is Annually entered, and his Property seized, by a law-lcfs Banditti, acting under the outward Forms and pretended Authority of Law: The Crimes of the Ministers of the Crown are also highly aggravated by endeavouring to draw this Cause into a Court of Law, which, as involving the highest Privilege of Parliament, is only cognizable in the House of Commons, as the Petitioner is instrufted, by numerous Precedents and Resolutions, and particularly by a solemn Resolution of the House, voted 28th January 1688, and afterwards adopted by the Upper House of Parliament, "That " King James II. by the Assistance of evil Councillors, " judges, and Ministers, employed by him, did endeavour to subject and extirpate the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, by sundry Means, l'uch as " by Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench for " Matters only cognizable in Parliament.anddiversother " arbitrary Measures." Another Aggravation yet remains, for the arbitrary Courses of the Officers and Ministers of the Crown exceed all former Bounds of Li-centioufness, they have withheld a Petition from Parliament in which these Fasts were stated, presented falle Accounts, including Money thus arbitrarily and illegally levied by a criminal Aggression on private Property, and a bold Invasion of Privilege, as a fair Return of Taxes regularly granted by Parliament, and thus fraudulently obtained a false Report of the actual Receipt and probable future Produce of the Revenue: Left therefore, as in the last Appointment of a Committee in the Year 1792, to enquire into, and report, the actual Receipt and probable future Produce of the Revenue, the Committee now appointed should not have sufficient Information to enable them to make a true and satisfactory Report, the Petitioner humbly prays, that this Petition may be referred to that Committee to examine and report, or that the House may adopt such other Measures as their Wifiriom may direct, to vindicate the Privilege of Parliament, and its inseperable Concomitants, the Prerogative of the Crown, and the Inviolability of Property, from the Encroachments

oosre

37 Geo. III.

2 4° — 27° .

43i

ments and Invasions of an arbitrary AdminiRration: of Tring, in the County of j without any

But, above all, the Petitioner, much injured, for his Amendment: And also *

Reverence to the House, and his faithful Obedience to The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An the Resolutions of Parliament, most humbly, and moR Act for more effectually making and repairing certain earnestly prays that his Petition may not be rejected Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amend-without Examination, nor any Decision given on a Bu- ing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign finds of such high Importance at this dangerous Crisis, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways,

Kirkcudbright Roatid Bilk

Account of Advances to the Emperor, ordered.

on bold Assertions, or ex parte Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Advances made, or ordered to be made,

Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry; without upon the any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and YVaRe Grounds, within the Parish of

Barningham Inclosure Bill *

for the Sendee of his Imperial Majesty, since the 13th in the County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: of December 1796, and also of the Securities for the And also.

Committee on Bill for confirming and continuing Minute of Gouncil.

Re-payment of the fame, together with an Account of the Dates of the Advances respectively.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Refiric-tion contained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February laR, on Payments of Calli by the Bank, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Bill to amend Act for railing Men in Scot-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for railing tend for the " a certain Number of Men, in the several Couilties, 7 and Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of " His Majesty's Army and Navy; " without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to continue the Laws now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Do minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries be

American Trade Bill.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they longing to the said United States; without any Amend had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ment: And also, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, deferred.

port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the 12th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Bill id dliow

the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes.

r, defer-

Ways and Means, deferred.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Militia Pay granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing BlU‘ Inland Navigations. of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and The Lords ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ninety-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act His Majesty. enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe

have passed

Hitcham Rector's Exchange Bill.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

The Lords desire Mr. Boyd may attend a Secret Committee.

The Lords have agreed to

Acte In closure Bill.

lure

igtnc

Bill.

Lunce, 270 Martii j

Anno 37 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1797. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed PaRures, Commons, and WaRe Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish Vol. 52.

Lands there, for other Lands in the same Parish belonging to the Right honourable Lord Grenville-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint tills House, That the Lords having under the Examination of a Secret Committee Matters relative to the Causes which produced the Order of Council of the 26th Day of February last, their Lordships do desire, that this House will give Leave, that Walter Boyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the said Committee, touching the said Examination, when deiired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to The House that Part of the said Message, which relates to Walter fend an Boyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, by Messengers wer‘ ofetheir own.

And the Messengers were again called in -, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Cado-to difi'olve the Marriage of the Right honourable l /conT Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary mitted. Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

v -

Coin Saint Dennis Inclosure Bill, reportedv

Hitcham Rector's Exchange Bill, read.

Adftotk Inch) fare Bill, . committed.

Dover, Deal, and Sandwich Roads Bill, passed.

43a ' 210 MartiL . 1797.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BiH,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint D, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands in the same Parish belonging to the Right honourable William Lord Grenville, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of to a certain Place,

in the Parish of Sholden, called Foulmcad Field, and for making a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place, in the Parish of Shoiden,called Foulmead Field, and for making a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the

Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich,

Ordered, That Mir. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Borrow in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open c:°iurc Bill, Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com- " 1 mon and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assess'ed to the Land Tax at £ 5. 14J. 41 d. who refuted to sign the Bill; and also,except the Proprietors of Estates aliefled at f.\o. 1 j who declined to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except Two Persons, whole Estates are assessed at £.4. 6s. who laid they would neither meddle nor make; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is aliefled to the Land Tax at £.209. is. 8 d.\and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Whitney Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge acrois the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Alderman Harley See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Leicestersv the Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in fuclx Act mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors on the Tolls arising on the Wanlip Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mow, in the County of Leicester, and of the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal; were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Go I<

37 Geq. III.

17° Ma

435

Northampton Paving Bill, reported.

Mr. Bcuverie of Northampton repotted from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of " Northampton, and for removing and preventing En-

" croachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Atcham and Dorrington Road Bill, reported.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from' Atcham through Condover to Dorrington, and also the Road r ~ r

branching out of the said Road at a Place called Al/field n°JJ S Law'

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of " Haddenham Level,in the Ife of Ely," and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time<

A Petition of several Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, and for other Purposes; and that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the same will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and to many other Person? interested in the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may

HacMenhrnrtf &c. Piv.inagtf.

Petition frorti Owners of Lands, against Harfton, &c. Inclosure Bili *

Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from SLudlow, at a Place called Hongerhill,in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Ordered, That Table.

the said Petition do lie upon the

An ingrafted Bill for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Hu/mes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Ckefier, leading from Hu/mes Chapel to Knntsford, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel, was read the Third Time. ''

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, altering, widening, improv-

HuImesCbap cl Road Bill, passed *

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally ing,# and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Lincoln Roads Bill, committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, West-ward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike

Turnpike Road at Hu/mes Chathe County Palatine of Chester, leading from Hu/mes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Cross, near the

City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for

Chatham Roads Bill| passed.

Hill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. El-lifon, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Thombo-rough Inclosure Bill, passed.

Road at or near a Place called Corner, in the

Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chi!ham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open enlarging the Powers, ot Three Acts, passed in the and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the within the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road Buckingham, was read the Third Time. > from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Rochester, to Dunfans Cross, near the City of be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vo-l. 52.

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Prefon, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham,in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5 S A Petition

C.

Pet Irian fj£-

nif\ iiio: . it

been . I veil of th

t'.' .? vi-iion in Clr.< k-m;it.win and Pc, th Roads BJi.

Petition from the Parises of St. Botolph, &c. against the Poor Bill.

Pill to amend Act for making Bread, ordered.

Rfll to rental Part of Act for prohibiting the Exportation of (iorn,&c. ordered.

434 27° Martii. A. 1797.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are " Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of theieunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates in the " Duty," and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and County of Clack rn.auan,was presented to the House, " Meal, imported in order to obtain the Bounties and lead; Setting forth, That in purl'uance of Leave " granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, granted by the House on the 13th of this Instant " but which have not been found fit for making March, Notices wcie inserted Three Times in The " Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch,

Edinburgh AJvertizcr, and affixed on the Turnpike " Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Gates erected under the Authority of an Act, passed " Wines and Spirits;" That he was directed by the in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Committee to move the House, that Leave be given Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as Counties of Clackmamn and Perth, and also on the prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Impor-Church Door of the Parish of Alloa, of an Application tation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Com, and other having been made to Parliament for repairing the Articles made thereof.

Road from the North of 'Tullibody by BanchryLoan, And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly, and from thence Eastward to The Collylandyin the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Parish of Alloa: And therefore praying, That Provi- repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session fion may be made in the Bill, now depending in the of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits House, to alter and amend the said Act for repairing, the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner and other Articles made thereof: And that Mr. Hobart as to the House shall leem meet. and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Lord Viscount reported to the House, That

nfine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it their Addresses of Wednesday last (that His Majesty e es *

shall appear to them, to the House: would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the

And it is referred to Mr. Pringle, the Lord several Accounts therein mentioned might be pre-Keith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- pared and laid before this House) had been presented ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direc-Records. tions accordingly.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Mr; Ryder presented to the House, according to B>n

the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Botolph without Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in

Blshopsgate, Saint Andrew Holborn, Saint Giles Cripplegate, the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the the Exporta-Saint ''Botolph Aldersgate, Trinity in the Minories, and Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free,

Saint botolph Aldgate,being Parishes without the Walls, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made and within i..e Liberties of the City of London (duly thereof: And the same was received; and read the authorized by their relptctive Vestries) on Behalf of First Time.

themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Re/olThat the Bill be read a Second Time, several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Tomorrow Morning.

Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners appre- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Further Con-

hend the same will be injurious to, and materially affect, further Consideration the Report from the Committee

the Rights, Interests, and Properties of the Inhabitants of of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conting the pro-

the said several Parishes: And therefore praying. That fider of the Report which was made from the Com-

the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners mittce, who were appointed to consider of the most fened. '

may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the

House shall seem meet. Realm, and to report the lame, with their Observations,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the to the Home;

Table. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration upon this Day Scvennight.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, in- Ordered, That Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Wcmbere

tituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and and Mr. Ellijon, be added to the Committee, who are j tteee on the " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to appointed to take into Consideration the Means of pro- Cultivation of " punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, moting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, WafteLan

" or Bread," might be read. Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Com-

And the same being read accordingly; mon Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of Pasture, in this Kingdom, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, so far Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. committee, to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof. Ordered, That h ive be the Quorum of the said and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And that Committee.

Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to Alderman Combe, and Mr. Alderman Lujhingtcm,do report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the prepare, and bring in, the lame. House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Colonel Fullarton reported from the Committee, to Committee of tire whole House, to whom it was re- whom the Petition of Robert Reid Cuninghame, of re ted. ferred to consider of an Act, made in this present Auchenharvwas referred; That the Commitec had Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to con- examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had clitinue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, made rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

" in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to the House; and he read the Report in Ins Place;

" to prohibit the Exportation ot Corn, Meal, Flour, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

" and Potatoes, and to permit the importation of Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a 3 Member

37 Geo. IIL

Member present informed your Committee, That the Harbour of Saltcoats requires the Aid of Parliament, in raising a Fund from a Tonnage on Vessels loading and discharging Cargoes in the said Harbour, in order that the Money so raised be laid out in txtending and deepening of the said Harbour, to the great Benefit of the surrounding Country; the said Harbour from its Situation being capable of very great Improvement, and having very extensive Collieries in its Neighbourhood, from which many Thousand Tons of Coal are Yearly exported to Ireland and Coaflways, together with large Quantities of Salt, to the great Benefit of the Revenue, ..which would be Yearly increased from the Extension of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr: And that Colonel Fullarton and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

\nt A MefTage by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do dclire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Allent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His

Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord , and the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so for as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the " Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy

An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ifl'ue Notes for Sums, under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom:

An Act for more elTedtually making and repairing certain Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Von. 52.

Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tritig, in the county of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barningham, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed I'aftures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of Norfolk.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the Bill for con Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for itimiing1 confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, Minute of the Restrietion, contained in the Minute of Council of C°, Taml"re-the 26th of February Lift, on Payments of Cash by the committed. Bank, was committed, the Amendnvnts which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the II ule; and he read the,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wrhere the Amendments were Once mad throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And it appearing that several Clauses were intended to be offered to be added to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed with respect to the said Clauses.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said cotGdered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had added several Clauses to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the some.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply dc-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the terred' whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de" whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Mailer of the Rolls have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Adair, Chief Justice of Leave of Chester, have Leave to go the Chester Circuit. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton, Second Justice of the Counties of Chef a, Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery, . have Leave to go the Chefer Circuit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti:,

2 7° MartiL

28a Martii. A. 1797.

Martts, 28° die Martii;

Anno 37® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Adderbuty A Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and Oxford x\. and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Road w t e Guide Post in the Village of in the

commi . County of Oxford, through to the End of

the Mileway in the City of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Uggeshall, &c. Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to inciofure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, reported. Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Uggeshall Frofenden, and South Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 73. i8r. 4 who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Pro-' prietors assessed at £.]i. 1 who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 970. 17J. 6 d.and that noPeribn appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

The Lords have agreed to

Sawley and Winkdey Inclosure Bill.

Innkeepers

Bill.

Dalton Inclo-sure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords delire Mr. Thornton may attend a bccret Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sawley and Winkfley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and in

the West Riding of the County of with some

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords having under the Examination of a Secret Committee, Matters relative to the Causes which produced the Order of Council of the 26th Day of February last, their Lordships do desire.

that this House will give Leave, that Henry Thornton,

Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the said Committee, touching the said Matters under Examination, when delired. (

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to TheHonfc that Part of the said Message, which relates to Henry l( eenrdjD Thornton, Esquire, a Member of this House, by Mel-fengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in j and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, sotterley, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Henitead, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within sported!8 11, the Parishes of Sotterley, Henjlead with Hulverstreet, and Wrentham, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.28. 12s. 6 d.who refused to sign the.

Bill; and also except the Proprietors assessed at £. 171. iij. 8 d.who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 1,697. is. and that

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'cveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lrsvegiven that Part of the Message from the Lords of this Day, aVtendTt0° wherein their Lordships desire, that this House will secret Com-give Leave that Henry Thornton, Esquire, a Member of of the

this House, may attend the Secret Committee of the or ' Lords, referred to in their Lordships said Message.

And that Part of the said Message was read.

And Mr. Thornton, being present, stood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is delired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Henry Thornton, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is delired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Henry Thornton, Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is delired by their Lordships in their Message of this Day, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the said Mef-sage.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to ex- gill, contend several Branches of Canal from and out of their muted, laid Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Egerton, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

Goosi

e- *

37 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

431

Petition from the Company 1 if Coj\I wai lifts against the Bill for improving the Port oi London.

h-v-

Barmouth Harbour Bill, committed.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the .\Iy fiery of Qordwainers, of the City of London,was prclented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners, in their Corporate Capacity, of a certain legal Quay called

Smart's Quay, abutting upon BillingfgaleDock on the East Side thereof, and as such are entitled to one

Moiety of the iaid Dock adjoining to their laid Quay; or have a Right to the life thereof, for the Purpose of bringing in and mooring Ships, Lighters, and other Yellels, for the loading and unloading of Goods upon and from the said Quay; and that very conll-dera'ole Sums of Money have been expended on the Part of the Petitioners in erecting Warehouses and other Conveniences for landing, shipping, and floring, of Goods and Merchandize upon their said Quay, and in the Repairs and Improvements thereof, and the Petitioners derive from their said Estate a considerable Part of the Revenue by which they are supported as a Company, and enabled to carry the Purposes of their Institution into Effect; and that, by the Bill now depending for improving the Port of London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Speaker's Chamber. London, in Common Council assembled, are enabled to make an Embankment along the present legal Quays between London Bridge and Lower Wharf, and to fill up the Dock called Biliingfgate Dock if they should so think fit, and to annex the Ground and Soil thereof to the Ground to be gained by such Embankment; and that the Petitioners and their Tenants have, for Time immemorial, had an uninterrupted Use and Enjoyment of One Half of the said Dock called iingfgcite Dock, adjoining to their said Quay, for the Purposes aforesaid, and have derived very considerable Advantage from the same; and that the Petitioners and their Lessees would sustain great Loss and Injury

pretented.

General Adea-te presented to the House, according Whit-lefty to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Dla!n"Sc- Bill; Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and pre-lerving certain Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of IVkit tie fey, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as the same relate to the Lands lying in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Welling! )- rough :nd thamptoft

A Bill for amending; widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of committed.

Street, in the Town of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bou-verie of Northampton, Mr. Powis,: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for receiving Bill for cotv the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming find continuing,- for a Minuteof Time to be limited, the Reltriftiort contained in the Council, de-Minute of Council, of the 26th of February last, on en Payments of Cash by the Bank, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for altering and amending an Act, Northnmptori by such Embankment, and by the filling up of the said passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

" cleansing,

Dock, and that no Satisfaction or Recompence ap- present Majesty, pears to be made by the said Bill for the fame: And therefore praying, That they may lie heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law without an

lighting,

intituled, "An Act for paving, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the

express Provision being made for an adequate Compen- said Act granted, was read the Third Time.

fation to the Petitioners and their Lessees, for their Right and Interest in the said Dock, and the Loss and Injury they may sustain by filling up the fame, and by such Embankment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

1.

insert " from Expiration of

After " that" to " and after the " the said Term.

After " " to insert " nor

" any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

39-

Mr. Yfeld-ham's Estate Bill, committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against ' the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, the said Petition. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed A BUI for discharging the Estates of John Teldham, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing;

Conditions therein mentioned, was read a Second " Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lighting, and watching, the Town of;

" and for removing and preventing Encroachments, " Obstructions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie of Northampton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Inclosure Bill.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is king's Con-A Bill for repairing and preferring the Harbour of concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- font to Barrow Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth, was read a Sc- doling, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Paf-

cond Time. tures, and other Common and Waste Lands and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Williams Vaughan, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they Lincoln, which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Committee, to whom the same had been committed; the Speaker's Chamber. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Ma»

Vol. 52. 5 T jesty's


438 28° — 29 0 1797.

jt-fty's Command) acquainted the House, That His And the Question being put, That the Word " now" Mupfty, having been informed of the Purport of the Hand Part of the Question;

laid Bill, gives His Conlent, as far as His Majesty's In-tcreft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill (being ingrafted) was read the Third Time.

Refoiverf, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Tariff of Barrow,in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for nre- Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to

fcrtionb?'Se.i- w om die Eill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen men.reported, from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Sevennight, the 6th

Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill to enable Mr. Scott presented to the House, according to Or-oAbe Bat der, a to enable the Court of Directors of the India Com- East India Company to administer Oaths to certain nifcfceS" Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to the Oaths, pre- said Company, against the Practice of buying and fel-

fented. ling the Commands of such Ships: And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

East India The House was moved. That the Petition of the Petition for United Company of Merchants of England trading to

railing Volun- the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon ferred toa're 31 Uay of December last, and then ordered to lie Committee. upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scott, Sir Francis Baring, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to repeal Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second prohibitdigfor Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, the Ex porta- passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohi-&°cnc0omC-°rn' its t lc Exportation, and permits the Importation nutted. Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second

rp *

1 ime;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Month."

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {JJJ; } 59-

rp ii r ,i nyT (Mr. Whith\ ead )

Tellers for the Noes, jMr. Alderman Combe *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bin for r?-re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Pro- in Kent,6 prietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein men ordered, tioned: And that Mr. Sargent, the Lord Hawkesbury,

Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Singleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for ap» posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, entreating His Majesty to be graciously and Military pleased to appoint a Board of Naval and Military officers, Officers, under the Direction of His Royal Highness Perledei1 the Commander in Chief, to take into Consideration the Measures which have already been adopted for the Security and Defence of the Country, and to consult and determine upon any other Measures, which may appear to them to be expedient to adopt, in the present Situation of Public Affairs, so as thereby to diffi-pate and remove every unfounded Alarm respecting the Security of the Country;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 290 die Mar tii;

Anno 37® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee, to SahfnJTol£iJ whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- repotted ' doling, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sahara Toney, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at f. 17. 10s. per , who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at £. 57 per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed

37 Geo. IIL 290 Mdrtiu

j»

fellId to the Land Tax at /. 1,074; tori /w Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to reporl to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend ments, in at the.Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Whitchurch Mr. Brodrick presented to the House, according to wwlSartcdBl11, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of , in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcastle, &c. Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to Roads BjII, whom the Bill for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West Cowgate, near the Town of upon Tyne3

through the West End of Kenton

Dykes, Newham Edge, Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, was committed; That the Committe had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Petition re- Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom tlces so?addi- ie P>etition of the several Persons, whose Names are tionai Provi- thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates in the manan and bounty Clackmanan, was referred; That the Committee Perth Roads had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- Bill, reported. reifted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Campbell, Esquire, being examined, said. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House 911-the 13th Day of March lnstant. Notices were given Three Times in The General Adv on the 17 th, 21ft, and 24th of this lnstant March, and also that the same was affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing certain " Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth," and also on the Church Door of the Parish Kirk of Alloa, being the Parish through which the Road mentioned in the said Notice pafles.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of this lnstant was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the County of Clackmanan, was referred, might be again read.

VQl.52.

And the fame.being reild accordingly.;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for altering, amending; and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties at Clackmanan and Perth, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the North of Tullibody by Banc by Loan, and from thence Eastward to The Col/yland, in the Parish of Alloa.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Bill for equa-

to Order, a Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesexat their General for Mi«wieiex, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and presented. equal County Rate for the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- kfollington mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, committe/11 and Common or Waste Land, in Moiling/on, in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George AugujlusWilliam Shuckburgh Eve-

lyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of Bill to amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, committed, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open " and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common " Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the " Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Captain Berkeley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Norfolk Af-Reading of the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for de‘

the County of Norfolk, at the Castle of Norwich-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 3d Day of May next. '

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Petitions re-

whom the Petition of the principal Fish Curers, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Pil- fhery, Sec. rechard Filliery; and also, the Petition of the several Porttcl-Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed on Behalf of themselves and others, being Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters oithe said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition , An Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read; by which it appeared, that an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Calk was granted on all Pilchards exported out of this Kingdom, which Act will shortly expire: And,

Mr. Christopher Nicholls being examined, said, That notwithstanding such additional Bounty, considerable Lolfes have been sustained in carrying on the said / ' Fishery,

.1

iff Martiu

lords A-mendmeats to Dalton Inclosure Bill, agreed to *

The Lords have agreed to

Plymouth Dock Chapel Bill.

Wing Inclosure Bill.

Hal ton Inclosure Bill.

Hornby, &cc. Indolure Bill.

44°

Fishery, and that without an Extension of the said Act, there will be a considerable Decrease in the Fishery, That the said Fishery has much suffered, and is under particular Difficulties from the Circumstances of the War, and if it should be so much further oppressed, that any of the Seins, or Concerns, should be given up, from the present Difficulties, it would not be easy in future Times to re-establish them, beneficial as they are to the Country, and absolutely necessary for the County of Cornwall in particular, both for Employment of one Body of Men, and affording Food to another.

That previous to the iaft Bounty beinggranted, there Were only One hundred and One Seins, or Concerns, engaged in the Fishery, which, under the Operation of the Bounty, has arisen to Two hundred and Five.

And the Witness added. That he apprehends, and believes, that the Fishery would again be considerably diminished, if the Bounty was withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 38. After " aforesaid" insert "

" Offerings."

Pr. 21. 1. 22. After " except" insert " Offerings."

Pr. 25. 1. 13. After " thereof' insert " except as " before excepted, namely " Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees."

Pr. 32. 1. 2i< After " Life," insert "other than " and except the said Rector and " his Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Chapel at Plymouth , in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton Floor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halt on, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amend ment: And also.

A.

1797-

The Lords have agreed to the Pill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewton Mendip, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Cheer Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands,

in the County Palatine of; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes, also entailed by the said Act; ,to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the Third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle and Manor of Arundel,in the County of Sussex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes, also en-‘tailed by the said Act, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the Third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Personi who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, .

An Account of the Advances made, or ordered to be made, for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, since the 13th of December 1796, and also of the Securities for the Re-payment of the fame, together with an Account of the Dates of the Advances respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.-

The said Account i? as followeth; viz.

e Return

Etwall Inch-lure Bill.

Chewton Mendip Inclosure M.

Over Kellet Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Arundel Manor Bill.

Arundel Cuf-tle Eitate Bill.

Arundel Mr nor Bill. rtad.

Arundel Castle Eibte Bill, read.

Bill to amend

Act for making Bread, presented.

Account of Advances to ths Emperor, presented.

];v<

lit:

tfr *

29° — 3°° Martii.

441

37 Geo. Ill,

Return to the Order of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 24th Day of March 1797} for

An ACCOUNT of the Advances made, or ordered to be made, for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, since the 13th of December 1796: Andalfo of the Securities for the Re-payment of the lame; together with an Account of the Dates of the Advances respectively.

Advances made.

£ s. d.

29th December 1796 - -- 50,000

28th January - 1797 " - -- 110,000

18th February - ----- ----- --- 90,000

24 th February - - -- -- 30,000

4th March - - - 100,000

120,000

£ 500,000

No further Advances have been ordered.

The Security for the Re-payment of these Sums is the Receipt of the Agents of the Emperor, accomJ panied with an Engagement of the Imperial Minister at this Court, that the same shall be re-paid out of any Loan which may be made in England for the Service of the Emperor, whenever Circumstances permit such Loan to be made.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 28th March 1797.

Charles Long.

Supply, tie-ferred.

Ways and

Means, deferred.

Inverkeithing Election, determined.

Ordered, That the fail! Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovis, 30°

die Martii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIItH Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. Bryan Edwards, from the Sclcift Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Henderson, of Fordel, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Class or District of Boroughs, confiding of In-verkeithing, Dunjermling9 Culrofs, Queensferry, and 57// -lingy in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Andrew Cochrane Johnstone is VoL. C2.

duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia inent for the Clals or Districft of Boroughs, confiding of Inverkeithing, Dunfermling, Culrofs9 Queensferry, and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir John Henderson9 Baronet, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also That the said Selecft Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the Honourable Andrew Cochrane Johnstone, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. John Bin reported from the Committee, to whom cioiitcftpr the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of and Berkei the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and Ids expensive, was -committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

O # *

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a Lilt of the Names of the Persons who have assented, ditlented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Rill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and lie read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lilt, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

U

Mr.

c

442 3°° 1797-

Peniftoneand Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-BiVe ned! w om the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of mittee, That they do admit Count'd to be heard, at the an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, a°ainst the said

of the ltcign of His present Majesty, for repairing the lload from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Penijloue to Sheffield, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feVcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wakefield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of reported.' Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from IVakefield to Sheffield, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had rone through the Bill, and made several

u O '

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiled.

Harwood Ti\- The Bill (now ingrossed) for dividing, allotting, and pairedinclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Harzvood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hariuood, in the County Palatine of jLane after.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Lilly, of the Parish of Ashcott, in a ainftAm- R e County of Somerset, Gentleman, was presented to cott incloi'ure the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Ashcott, and is also entitled to a very considerable Portion of the Tenements and Estates, having Rights of Common on the said Commons and Waste Lands, and is otherwise interested therein; and, if the said Bill palfes into a Law in its present Form, the same will be very injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may assess him, and that the same may not pats into a Law as it now Hands, and that the Petitioner may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow s, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Lord Viscount Hinchhigbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Diddhwton, otherwise Dodin ton, in the County

CJ 7 t O 1 "

of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Incloi'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Toddington, and Hamlet of Cluilton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Toney, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Toney, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon

Coin Saint Dennis Inclo-i'u re Bill, passed.

PMdington Inclosure Bill, ft ported.

Toddington inclosure Bii, proleiited.

Saham Toney Inclosure Bill, passed.

petn e Inclo-

sure Bill, deterred.

0

37 Geo. III.

30° — 3l0

443

' upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 7th Day of April next.

Bill for re- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Kill for revelling certain Lands, Tenements, pretented. and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former 1 Proprietors thereof, and for other Rurpoies therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Firth Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Kent Eie&ion The House was moved, That the Order, made upon ertr on,de‘ the 24th Day of February last, for taking into Conlidc-ration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of the there-undersigned Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for Filtner Honyzvood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tiufday, the 25th Day of April next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Account of The Lord Arden presented to the House, pursuant EiT to their Addrets to His Majesty,

Great Britain, An Account of the Number of French Prisoners of pretexted. War at present in Great Britain.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session *

aw« respect-ng the Im >ortation of ?ambricks, cc. to be con-.dereJ.

dnflruction.

Bill for confirming and continuing Minute of Council, deferred.

Veneris, 31° Martii j

Anno 370 Georgii IIIliI Regis, 1797.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the " better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth " in Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufacture " of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on " Foreign Sail Cloth imported, to securing the Duties " upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing tc a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ;the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February last, cn Payments of Calli by the Bank, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vou 52.

Prayers.

MR. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom Clackmanan the Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, t Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty- reported; fourth Year of His present Majvrlly's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clack-rnanan and Perth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, embanking, arid im- Frodflum proving, a Piece of Land or Ground within the Parish Score Em-of Frodsham, in the County of Chester, called Frodsham Scorey was read the Third Time; passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, embanking, and improving, a Piece of land or Ground within the Parish of Frod-Jham, in the County of Chester, called Frodsham Score.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Uggefhali, &c. Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, inuoiurc Bill, within the Parishes of Uggefhaff FroJlendeny and South c *

Covey in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Uggeshally FroJtenden> and South Cove, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the sotterley, Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, Hcnitead, &c. within the Parishes of Sotterley, Henjlead with Hulver- [| ure street, and Hr cut ham y in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

ReJohedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-rilli.es of Sotterlevy Henflead with Hulverjlreety and Wren-tham, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Swr Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Pringle be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a bring inKia- Bill for making and repairing the Road from Kinrofsy in rob, and the County of Kinrojsy to A/loay in the County of

C/ackmanan.

Mr. Pringle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Kinrofsy in the County of Kinrofsy to Alloay in the County of Clackmanan: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

ReJAved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Bill presented.

444

iii

31 ° Mar tit. A. 1797.

Ptniftone and An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

BUI, puffed?3 an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, l'o far as the same relates to the Road from Pen if one to Sheffield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York,so far as the same relate to the Road from Pcnifioneto Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

W.-tkefield and Shield Rends Bill, pallid.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Hrakejie to Sheffield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforcedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Suppcrtonand Ordered, That Sir do make the Re-

cloitJre BH? Port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, reported. ' allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste Grounds, called Lea Moor, or Moor,

within the Township or Liberty of in the Parish

of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby, and Hare Hi/l, within the Townships or Liberties of Sapperton and Macklcy, or one of them, in the said Parish of Church Broughton-, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all and every the Commons, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Wastes, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, in Sapperton and Blackley aforesaid, or either of them, was committed.

Sir John Wodehouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lords A Meflaee from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

have Ujj.eeJ to

Mr. Speaker,

Device The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

V 1 YVII O , .

ouus iii . Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wefi Lavingtpn, unto and through the Town of The Devizes, to the House known by the Name §

of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of Wilts. and from Rotvde Ford, through The Devizes Market PI ace, to join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road near Wanfdyke, and from the East End of The D evi zes aforesaid to the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town and Fort of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place, in the Parish of Sholden, called Foulmead Field, and for making a new Jioad through Part of the said Field, and Hacklingc Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm House, called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth, otherwise Word\ and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the 'Perm, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, Act on t and IFarrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Huhnes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chcfrer, leading from Huhnes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in Ch el ford, in the said County, near to Che ford Chapel; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Roc liefer, to Saint Dunfans Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Prefon, to Baghum Cross and Shahnsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chip ham, in the said County > without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Allcannings and Allington, in the County of Wilts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeUengers withdrew'.

Dos t, D-V, atui S.'.ndv. dj KolJj Bill.

Li verpool s?S

R-rcot Reid Bill.

Huhnes Clr.pt: Ro:J Bill.

ChatHm Rokds BuJ.

AllcmniiiifS and Ailiinpnn Inclonire hill, with ;:n Amendment.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors reported, of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying and being in the several Pari flics of Waterbeach and Wicken, in the County of Cambridge, and in S tret ham and Diet-ford, in the Ille of Ely and County aforesaid, commonly called Waterbeach Level, and mentioned, bounded, and described, in the Act of Parliament thereafter mentioned, and also of divers ancient Commonable Messuages, lying in the respective Parishes aforesaid, and having severally respective Rights of Common on the several and respective Commonable Parts of the same Fen Lands and Grounds, in respect of Inch Parts thereof as are lying within the respective Parishes aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the

Matter

57 Geo. III. 5 d

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Water beach Level,in the County of and

to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum , and the Commoners within the said Manor, were read: And,

Mr. John Hamingtonbeing examined, said, That pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts, the said Fen Lands and Low Grobnds have been very much benefited, and the Rates thereby authorized to be raised have been duly applied; but that the same have not proved sufficient fully and effectually to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, and that a further Rate is necessary to answer the Purposes of the fame.

And the Witness further said, That the Expences of maintaining and supporting the Banks of the said Level, are of themselves very heavy, and that such Expences are increased by Horses and Cattle going thereon when employed in haling Boats and Vessels in, upon, and from the River, from a certain Place on the Banks of the said Level, called The in

Waterbeach Midload Fen, near the West Bank of the River Grant, to that Bank, and along the West Side of that Bank to Harry mere Head, at the Old River Ouze, and from thence, by the South Side of the South Bank of the said River, to Ferry, being a Space of

about Ten Miles, and back again from the said Stretham Ferry to the said Brew house; and that it is conceived reasonable, that a Tax should be paid for the passing, going, and returning of such Horses and Cattle from and to the respective Places aforesaid, and the Produce thereof be applied towards repairing the said Banks, and other Purposes.

And the Witness added. That it is expedient to alter and amend the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the llcign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. " An Act for " the ciTeftual Draining and Preservation of " beach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the " Manor of Waterbeach cum and the Commoners

" within the said Manor;" and also, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles 2~orke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fife Road Mr. Anstruther reported from the Committee, to ilbour) Bill w om ie Bill for regulating and converting the Statute reported. ' Labour in the County of and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto l'ubscribing, Farmers, and Inhabitants in the County of in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of James,

Tenant in Pitlochie, Prefes of a General Meeting of the Fife Farming Society, the lnverkeithing Farmer Club, and other Farmers of the County of Fife, held at New Inn, in the said County, on the Third of February 1797, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and heard the Petitioners, by their Coun-fel; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Ta-Vol. 52.

Mariiii 445

ble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; Were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more reported. effectual, Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His pre-. sent Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Fzveed, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, was committed )

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

Ordered, That Mr; Speaker do issue his Warrant to inverkeith-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for j"®gI ‘cnfenri the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Wnt. , Parliament for the District of Burghs of lnverkeithing,

Dunfermling, Cttlrofs, Queensferry, and Stirling, in the

room of the Honourable Andrew Cochrane Johnjloue, who, since his Election for the said District of Boroughs, hath accepted the Office of Governor of His Majesty's Island of Dominica.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham have Leave toftay in jreaveof Ab-

- . . J knee, with-

the Country, for a fortnight, on his urgent private drawn. Affairs.

And the aid Motion was, with Leave of the House; withdrawn.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed to First Report examine and state the Total Amount of the Public fr°jnthc Se-Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the teecnFi-"1'1 fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797; dil- nance, tinguishing what Part thereof had arilen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the cth of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said.

Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the lame; and who were in-strufted to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exilting; and who were also in-strufted to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in

5 X the

Haddenham,

&c. Drainage Bill, committed-

Petition for

additional Provision in Haddenham, &rc. Drainage Bill-

Account of Advances to the Emperor, to be printed.

446 310 Martii. A. 1797.

the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House, reported. That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof ' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual Draining and Preservation of " Level,in the Ille of Ely," and for more effectually

draining and preferring the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level, was read a Second Tim.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Cherries 1 orhe,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in Sutton, and Haddenham,

in the Isle of Ely and County of was present-

ed to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual " Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level, in the We of Ely"and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level; and Setting forth, That, if certain Fen Lands lying in Sutton, near Sutton , called Holts and Holbrookes, and a certain Part of

tham Common, near the Ferry, on the North East Side of Haddenham Leam or Whart, and also certain Lands called The Upper Delfcs, in the Parish of Haddenham, were put under the Care and Management of the Commissioners appointed to drain and preserve the said Level, it would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall appear just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Adeane, Mr. Charles Tor he, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Advances made, or ordered to be made, for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, since the 13th of December 1796, and also of the Securities for the Re-payment of the fame, together with, an Account of the Dates of the Advances refneftively, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday la ft, be printed,

3

as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands in the same Parish belonging to the Right honourable William Lord

Grenville, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hitcham Rector's Exchange Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for re-Reading of the Bill for re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in committed. ' the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houie, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Free Burgefi'es and Inhabitants of Petition in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the up

fame Town, was presented to the House, and read; on Tyne C -Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining 1131 Bl11' a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to, or nearly to, Haydon Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland:And praying. That

the said Bill may be permitted to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ConmitteeM a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to re- p of Aet peal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of for prohibit-Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, Com, it. and other Articles made thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re. port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions io thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of «p-

Lands, Ship Owners, Merchants, or Inhabitants, of on Tyne ci-North Shields, and its Neighbourhood: And also, I Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands situate on, or . near to, the proposed Line of Canal from Newcastle upon Tyne to Haydon Bridge;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to, or nearly to, Haydon Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself Wo a Committee of the whole House, to titionmijxA consider of the Report which was made from the Com- ingiUePU-

chard Fishtry.

mlttee, deferred.

37 Geo. III.

31 ° Martii. — -30;

447

mittee, to whom the Petition of the principal Fish Curers, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Pilchard Fishery; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. , . '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next:

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he waS directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Representa-fions, &c. relative to Advances of Money for the tmperor, ordered.

ing next

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His of all Representations, made by the Directors of the Majesty.

Bank of England, relative to Advances of Money, for the Use of the Emperor, since the 1 ft of January 1795; with the Answers of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as reported by the Governor and Deputy Governor} and entered upon their Minutes.

Bill for confirming and continuing Minute of Council reported, and again re-committed.

tonfidered.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriiftion, contained in the Minute of Council of the 26 th of February last, on Payments of Calli by the Bank, was re-committed, with respect to several Clauses which, upon Monday last, were offered to be added, by the House, to the Bill; That the Committee had added several Clauses to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Clauses, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And it appearing that several other Clauses were intended to be offered to be added to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed with respect to the said Clauses.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had added several other Clauses to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Waysand > ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fns' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 37® Georgii III'U Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Bejl, from Resolutionj, the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he &c- relat?ng was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Floufe, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " 3d December 1795, 14th

" nnary, and 11th February 1796, Resolutions, &c. rclating to the Imperial LoansAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Answers of the Chancellor of " the Exchequer to the Two Resolutions of the Court " of Directors of the Bank, of the 3d December 1795 " and nth February 1796, on the Subject of an impenal Loan."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

tented.

Lerrc of Ab-ience.

Commits of Supply.

Estimates referred.

Chelsea In-Pensioners.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Widows Fen-fions.

Ordered, That Mr. William Grant, One of the Justices of the Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, have Leave to go the Carmarthen Circuit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estim&te of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they Vot. 52.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Amndel Ma-for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Jetted. omf Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also

entailed by the said Act, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Plumer,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arundel Cal', to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to make tle Eibtc Bill, Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of comnuUe the Third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle and Manor of Arundel, in the County of SuJJ'ex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. S/oane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickinson Senior reported from the Committee, Ashcott In-

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish

of

v -

44-8

3" Aprilis.

A.

1797'

of AJJicott, in the County of was committed;

and to whom the Petition of , of the Parish

of Ashcott, in the County of Gentleman, was

referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

tvi itchurch A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

con'mittedBl11' vera Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of , in the County of

Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bro-drick, Mr. Townshend, f c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

£fr. Kemey Petition a-gainit Mon-mouthftiire Canal JBilL

A Petition of William K Esquire, Owner' of One undivided Third Part of certain Lands, called The Waterjide or Cinder hill Wharf, and The Friars in,

and adjoining to, the Town of Newport, in the County of Monmouth, and to the River and Lefiee of the Entirety thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in 792, for making a Navigable Canal from Pon into the River Ujk,at Newport, and a Collateral Cut from or near

Crinda Farm, to, or near to, Bridge, in the County of Monmouth, whereby certain Persons were united into a Company called " The Company of Proprietors of the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation," who were, by the said Act, empowered to raise amongst themselves £. 120,000, for carrying the same into Execution, and also a further Sum of £.60,000 by Mortgage, if the same should be necessary; and that a certain Pool or natural Bason, called The Fill, adjoining the Town of Newport, was the Spot pointed out in the Plan delivered, previous to the passing of the said Act, as the properest Place for the Bason of the Canal, on the South Side of which Pill are the above-mentioned lands, called The Waterjide or Cinder hill Wharf, and The Friars Fields, in which tire Petitioner is interested as aforesaid; and that tire Company have made an imperfect and partial Bason on the North Side of, and close 'to, the said Pill, by which Means the Petitioner is excluded from deriving any Benefit from the Wharfage or Tonnage of the Navigation, and the Wharfs adjoining are insufficient for the Trade on the Canal; and that the said Company, at a General Half Yearly Assembly, held in October last, approved and ratified an Agreement which their Sub-Committee had previously entered into with the Petitioner, on Behalf of himself and others, for extending the Canal acrols the said Pill into the adjacent Lands on the South Side of the said Pill, and no further; and that a Bill has been brought into the House for enabling the said Company of Proprietors to extend the said Canal, from its present Termination, across the said Pill, through and beyond the above-mentioned Lands, to the Extent of a Mile and a Half from the present Limits of the Canal, and also for enabling the Company to raise an additional Sum for completing their original Undertaking, and for extending the Canal, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and the Petitioner begs Leave to state, that the Bason of the said Canal ought to be made in the said Pill, according to the origins!Intention

of the said Act, and that the said Agreement should be carried into Execution, which would be of the greatest Utility to the Public, and to the general Concern of the Canal; and that, if the said Bill should paf's into a Law in its present Form, it will, in many Respects, be highly injurious to the Petitioner and his Property, and the proposed further Extension of the Canal can answer no possible Purpose of Utility to the Public, or to the Proprietors of the Canal in general: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation,.and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time P PP0'11

1 Tx o 1 lor Second

upon this Day Sevenmght. Rcadmgoftte

Bill.

Sir Michael It: Fleming reported from the Committee, Miimhorpand to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Milnthorp to reported.

KirkbyLonfdale, in the County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

Popham: ~

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering moreefleftual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Settlement of the Freehold and Copy-hold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of John Wodehouse, Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris, Spiniter, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Charlotte Laura Wode house; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Samuel Browne, Merchant, to settle the Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the Marriages of his Daughters, Pleasance, the Wife of Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire; and Hester, the Wife of Jacob Henry Aftley, Esquire, to which the Lords de(ire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates at Mappowder and Plujh, in the County of Dorfel, and Inkpen and Kintbury,in the County of Berks, devised by the Will of John, late Earl Spencer, in Trull to convey the same to the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uies and Trulls of the said Will, on the said Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, settling in Lieu thereof, to the Uses »n< upon th? Trulls of the said Will, his

Estate

The Lords have agreed t *

Ipswich Paving bill.

The Lord$ have passed

WodchotifcV Eibte bill *

Browned Kiiate Bill

Ej 1 Spencer' E.tat; bill

Browne's Eihtte frill tcjd.

Tweed FiOverier Hill,

passed.

37 Geo. III.

3° Aprilis.

Estate at Chapel Brampton? in the County of Northampton ? to which the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mellcngers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Samuel Browne? Merchant, to settle the Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Beal Estate, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the

449

the Township or Liberty of Sapper ton? in the Parish of Church Broughton? in the County of Derby? and Blare Hi//? within the Townships or Liberties of Sapper.ten and Mack/ey? or One of them, in the said Parish of Church Broughton? and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all and every the Commons, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waites, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, in Sapper ton and Mack/ey aforesaid, or either of them, was read the Third d ime.

Reformed? That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Marriages of his Daughters, Pleajance? the Wife of be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosng, the

Commons, Moors, Waites, and \\ afte Grounds, called Lea Moor? or Sapper ton Moor? and Hare Hill? and all'o a certain Common Meadow, and all ether Commonable Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sapper ton? in the Parish of Church Broughton? in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hefier? the Wife of Jacob Henry Ajl/ey? Esquire, was read the First Time,

Refolded? That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed? and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed County of Salop? and for opening convenient Avenues T' " thereto, was read a Second Time.

Pujbhed? That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-more? Mr. Haze kins Browne? &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing or re-building the Bridge over Bridgnorth the River Severn? in the Town of Bridgnorth? in the

coi.iiiun.v-U.

to be made to the Bill; Pr. 5. 1. 12 1.

S'

6. 1. 20.

7. 1. 19. 9. 1. 14.

1. 29. Pr. 15. 1. 28.} 29 V Pr. 32. 1. 22.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out " or at Sea."

To leave out w or at Sea."

To leave out " Two" and insert

" One" instead thereof, and at

the End of the Line to add " Jul-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act TM Spencer's for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates at Map and Pin///, in the County of , and Ink pen and in the County of Berks, devised

by the Will of John, late Earl Spencer, in Trust to convey the same to the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, on the said Plight honourable G Earl Spencer, settling in Lieu thereof, to the Uses and upon the Trusts of the said Will, his Resolvecl, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Estate at Chapel Brom in the County of Nor-be, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more thamptonwas read the First Time, effectual. Two certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Resolution--, of the Fisheries in the River Tzvccd, and the Rivers Papers, which were this Day presented to the House by fnVpH ,\me ' and Streams running into the lame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

Ordered, That Mr. B union do carry the Bill to the Lords, anti desire their Concurrence.

" tice or."

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Bedford Tn-clolure Bill, pailtrd.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosfr

the Open and Common Fit kb, Failures, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mars, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Failures, Commons,"and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mars, in

Mr. Be/l, from the Bank of England, be printed, Lo.uistob *

as Chaff be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the PrimeJ-House.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Part of Order the 29th Day of November lait, that JLeave be given to inWomfrnfds

the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Calhoun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defre their Concurrence.

WoJehoulVs ElUre Bill, read.

Sapperton and Macklcy Inclosure Bill, passed.

bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Pe- &c. indofme tition of the Right honourable Anthony Earl of KU1, chkhurg-

Shaflesbury, and the humble Petition of the Teveral Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Woodlands, Horton, Hinton Aland, All Saints,

and in the County of , might be

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates An ingrolkd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to the Parishes of and Horton, be discharged.

for clleccuating a Settlement of the Freehold and Co- Ordered, That Mr. Darner be added to the Gentle- Member

pvhold Estates eft Charlotte Laura, the \\ ite of Joint men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the bnn£

Wodehouse, Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris, Spin- said Bill.

fter, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Mr. presented to the House, according to Hinton Mar-

Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Charlotte Laura IP c tic house, was read the First Time. Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable icvUed. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton

Martel, Guf ige All Saints, and in the

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- County of Dorset: And the same was received ', and closing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste read the First Time.

Grounds, called Lea Bio or, or SappertonMoor, within Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 52. 5 Y The

45°

3° Aprilii.

A. 1797.

House called The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, over being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, on Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness or recent Death of their near Relations, or As being Abroad, or absent on, or under Orders for, the Public Service, or as having had Leave of Absence, or as being absent as a Judge on One of the Circuits in Wales, or on Account of its being alledged in a Petition, now depending, complaining of the Election and Return of one Member, that at the Time of his Election he was under the Age of Twenty-one Years.

And the Name of John Kvuflon Powell, Esquire, being called; and an Excuse being offered, That he was in the Country, and the only Field Officer attending the Supplementary Militia of the County of Salop-,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said John Kynaston Powell, Esquire, be exculed; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Members ordered to attend.

Names of others to be culled over.

Tellers for tire Yeas, "r; g," fff ' } >5«-

Tellers for the Noes, K; Jill,!'I \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then those Members who were not excused were (on the Question severally put upon them) ordered to attend at the several Times appointed for them, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Thomas C Esquire, John Baring, Esquire, Richard Ellison, Esquire, Samuel Haynes, Esquire, William Chute, Esquire, Edmund Esquire, Henry PenruddockeWyndham, Esquire, Joseph

Jekyll, Esquire, William Evelyn, Esquire, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That George Wood, Esquire, and Francis Lloyd, Esquire; do attend the Service of this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Names of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John,the Honourable Edward the

Honourable John Razvdon, Sir John Morjhead, Baronet, John Buller, Esquire, Sir John Call, Baronet, Paul Orchard, Esquire, George Chambers, Esquire, William Mitford, Esquire, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, the Honourable Edmund Phipps, Robert Thornton, Esquire, Lord Edward Charles Cavendish BGeorge Sutton, Ef-

quire, William Mel/ish, Esquire, the Honourable George Rawdon, Robert Clive, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, William Jolliffe, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Onslow, Sir Charles William Rouse Boughlon, BaroiY-'t, Thomas Thompson, Esquire, Charles Rose Ellis, Esquire, Watkin Williams, Esquire, and William Cuningham Routine, Esquire, who have also made Default to appear, and have not been ordered to attend upon any particular Day, be again called over upon this Day Sevennight.

House toi>e Ordered, That this House be again called over upon

over!C' Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant

April.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Bastard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Months, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Communications between the Directors of the Bank and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting Advances to Government since; the ift November 1794, exclusive of the Information contained in the Papers laid before the House this Day from the Bank of England.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns, be now re ad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morft-

ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Iloufc, to whom the Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction, contained in the Minute of Council of the 26th of February laid, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, was again re-committed, with respect to several other Clauses which, upon Friday last, were offered to be added, by the House, to the Bill; That the Committee had added several other Clauses to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Clauses, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That nothing therein contained should extend to any Cafe, where the Persons required to be held to Special Bail, shall not make an Affidavit, that they have in their Custody or Power Money in Calb equal to the Whole, or Three-fourths of the Debt, for which such Special Bail is required.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Restraint laid by this Act on the Bank as to issuing Cash, shall not have any Force or Effect, unless the Governor and Company shall, within after the Bill is passed by the House of Commons, signify in Writing to the Speaker, to be communicated to the House, and entered on the Journals, that it is the Desire of the Governor and Company, that such Restraint should be continued for the Whole of the Time mentioned in the Bill, or for any shorter Time to be mentioned in such Notice.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes

tellers for the INoes, |Mr Sam(gJ

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal lb much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits

Smith: \

j Sir William 1 Mr. John Petrie:

Leave of Ab-knee.

Communications bctweni the B.uik, &c. respecting Advances to Government, ordered.

Committee on Laws respect -ing the Importation of Cambricks, &c. deferred.

Again re-commmitted Bill for confirming and continuing Minute ot Council, reported.

Bill to repeal Part of Act for

prohibiting the Exportation ot Cora, &w. repo.t;d.

37 Geo. III.

3° — 40

451 '

mits the Importation Duty-free, of fevctal Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Amendment, in Fo. 2. 1. 10. which was to leave out the Word " Barley," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mart isy 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 370 Georgii III11 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

t

HE House according to Order, resolved itfclt commute on into a Committee of the whole House,; upon the Lor;1 ado"

Tellers for the Yeas, f

5 f Mr. Brandling:

rp „ c ., x-r (Mr. Coke of Norfolkr, idlers for the Noes, f n J

' (Mr. Crewe:


51-

75 *

Further Consideration of Report respe ing the promulgating of Statutes, deferred.

Bill to enable the Directors of the East India Company to adminilter certain Oaths, deferred.

Bill for revolting Lands, &c. in Kent, deferred.

Report Supply, deferred.

Supply, de-fe red.

Ways and Means, deferred.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the lame, with their Observations, to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon F/iurf-dav, the 27th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to administer Oaths to certain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to the said Company, against the Practice of buying and selling the Commands of such Ships, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

„ o

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Refo/ved, That this House' will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to-His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 52.

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to jjiu. dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable Charles Stoane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. S/oane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shane reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that Counsel also appeared on the Part of the said Mary Churchill; and that the Committee '

had dire (fled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. The Lords

r> > 0 J have passed

Popham: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hafleir vesting in Trustees the settled Estates of George Ei "tc Bl

Esquire, in Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Chaplin's, &c. effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Francis PartlUon Bul Chaplin, Esquire, and TheophilusBuck Esquire, in

the County of Lincoln; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,?

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School sc'Coi'tiut; of Queen Ad ary, at Walsall,in the County of Stafford, Bill, to fell certain Mines under Part of their Lands, and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dif-perfect, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords having under the Examination of a Secret Committee, Matters relative to the Causes which produced the Order of Council of the 26th Day a i?ecret Com of February last, their Lordships do desire, that this mittee House will give Leave, that John Whitmore, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the said Committee, touching the said Matters under Examination, when desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answet to that Part of the said Meflagej which relates to-Whitmore, Esquire, a Member of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to mitn<v whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twen- Bnd hilt, tieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rep°l ' building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, was

committed i

Thtf Lords desire Mr. Whitmore may attend

The House will lend an Answer.

Ashcott In-ciolure Bill, passed.

fcerth Roads Bill, reported.

Fife Roads (Statute Labour) Bill, passed.

4° Aprilis.

45

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the (lime to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of A/hcott, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 4. To leave out from " said" to the

Second " or" in 1. 5. and insert " Commons and Waite " Lands" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordmglv.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mn Anjiruther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, lb much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff) and the Branches thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz *

After " Tenants" to insert " and " such Option shall in every li same be made in the Manner " most beneficial to the Occupier or Tenant."

' And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing" the Highways within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Avjlrmtlier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A. 1797.

Pr. 11. 1. 24.

Clack-ranm and Perth

Kodtii dill, pailcd.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth) was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Ordered, That Mr. Anjiruther do caity the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill so? making and repairing the Road from Kinross ami KinrofS) in the County of Kinross, to Alloa y in the a

County of Clachnanmi) was read a Second Time committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An-Jlruther) the Lord Keith) &c.: And they a-t to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Shaw Lcfevre p relented to the House, according Gmtford in-

m # D 4 1 ( , v u;n

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grein the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report on upon the 27th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the LeicesterNavigation to finish and com- de-

plete their several Works, anti to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in such Act. mentioned, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confederation.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Ieverally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Irs

tin

crc

iff

Sc?

0 1

sent

A Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty- Whitrtedy

— ‘ - - " DivJnKb1

committed.

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Dr,jnH *

George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and prclerving certain Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlefcy, in the Iile of Ely and County of Cambridge) so far as the same relate to the Lands lying in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General AdcanC) Mr. Charles Torkey See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wic

foci

Committee on Report 01 Petitions pc-

The House, according to Order, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to coastder of the foefrimitJi:

llePort EE£

fctit

tee

37 Geo. III. 40 — 50 Aprilis. 453

Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Fish Curers, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Pilchard Fishery; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of were

severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee# That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

wfting Lands ° re ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tec. ixi Kent. ' upon the Bill for re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Irish Annul- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" within the Cities of London and and Borough of Southwark, taken, from House to House,

" under the Direction of the Lord Mayor, and of the " Magistrates of the several Districts. — March 1797."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion re-That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of tht

the whole House, to enquire whether it is consistent Emperor, with a due Regird to the essential Interests of this Nes Country, that, under the present Circumstances, any further Loans or Advances should be made to his Imperial Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Gen f TWtfoa . } S7'

Telle.forlheNoes.p;? . } ,66.

So it palfed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read $

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Court of Di- Bill to enable rectors of the East India Company to administer Oaths eth®‘ or to certain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted India Com-to the said Company, against the Practice of buying Pfgy oadmi-and felling the Commands of such Ships, be read a oaths, de-Second Time Tomorrow Morning. ferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,50 die Aprilis',

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

fceport

Supply.

Chelsea Pensioners.

Widows Pfcn-

fiOQS.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di- Yesterday, wherein their Lordships desire, that this r&cretConT rented him to report to the House; which he read in House will give Leave that John Whitmore, Esquire, a mitteeof his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Member of this House, may attend the Secret Com- Lor<i Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol- mittee of the Lords, referred to in their Lordships said loweth; viz. Message.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And that Part of the said Message was read.

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-seven And Mr. Whitmore, being present, stood up in his thousand One hundred Sixty-five Pounds Ten Shil- Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave lings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is de-for defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners fired by their Lordships in the said Message. of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Resolved, That John Whitmore, Esquire, a Member Hospital, for the Year 1797. of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Six hun- thinks fit.

dred and Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the John Whitmore, Esquire, a Member of this House, to Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences at- go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordtending the fame, for the Year 1797. ships in their Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the said Mef-Titne, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, sage. agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act. Cado- Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- to dissolve the Marriage of the Right honourable gm's Divorce suant to their Address to His Majesty, Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary Blll>

A Paper, intituled, " Return of Aliens resident Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry Vol. 52. £ Z again.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Confederation Leave given that Part of the Message from the Lords of Mr. Whit-

Shrcu'fhury Flection I'ctiiion, deterred.

Orders for. Calling over the Names of certain Members, discharg ed.

Order for Attendance of a Member, dif-clurged.

Whitney Bridge Bill, passed.

Milnthorp and Kirkoy LonldaleKoad Bill, passed *

Waterbeach Level Drainage Bill, presented.

454 50 Aprilis. A. 1797.

again/and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and allotting the Ea>; appoint, read the Third Time. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable |.llj;1 rt0°tn‘1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hariton, &c.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the Bill to the Harfon, in the County of Cambridge, be read a Second Indoiure Bill.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 26th Day of to the fame, without any Amendment. this Instant April.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Petition The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of a very confi-the 22d Day of February last, for taking into Confide- derable Fart of the Lands and Grounds within the coum'tTor-ration, upon Thursday, the 20th Day of this Instant Parish of Harjion, in the County of Cambridge, which April, the Petition of John Hill, Esquire, complaining was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of

of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,

Shrewsbury, might be read. might be again read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the fiiid Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that sideration upon Thursday, the 25th Day of May next, the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Memorandum: Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with, the same Time,- in Favour of the said Bill, against the Orders for their Attendance accordingly. laid Petition.

Notice being taken, that Sir Charles William Rouse

Boughton, Baronet, Isaac Hazvkins , Esquire,.

William Mitford, Esquire, Charles Rose Ellis, Esquire,

William Jollffe, Esquire, and Robert , Esquire,

were now present in their Places in the House;

The Orders, made upon Monday last, for the Names of the said Members to be again called over upon Monday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being taken, that Richard Ellifoh, Esquire, was now present in his Place in the House;

The Order, made upon Monday last, for him to attend the Service of this House upon. Monday next, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge acrols the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby Lonsdale,in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Wcflm

Ordered, That Sir Michael Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 General Adeanepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of " Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made be-

" tween the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum " Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor;"

and also, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

9

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WalA'lGnm-for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, at Waif all, in the County of Stafford, to fell certain Mines under Part of their Lands, and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Proprietors of LeicesterNi-the Leicester Navigation to finifti and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted P in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in such Act mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 40. 1. 14. After " Proprietors" to insert " of " the Leicester Navigation."

Pr. 43. I. 38. After " Company" to insert " of " Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation."

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, paired in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in such Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, was pre- for

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Leave topre-Annual General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace ['"te aPe l({1l"n has been holden, by Adjournment, for many Years, in ing an An-and for the said County, at such Time, and at such Session convenient central Place, as the Justices of the Peace for the said County appointed, for the Purpose of transacting all Matters or Business concerning the said County at large; and that the Proceedings had at such Session, the Petitioners have lately been adviled, are liable to be disturbed, and that the Establishment of

an

37 Geo.-III. 5 Aprilis455

an Annual Session for the Purposes aforesaid cannot at large, shall be transacted, and that the same Bufi-be supported without the Aid of Parliament; and ness shall be done at no other Session held within the that the last General Court of Quarter Session of the said County.

Peace holden by Adjournment at the New Bayley Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Court House, in the Parish of Manchester, in and for Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

the said County, next after the Feast of The Epiphany, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

was further adjourned, to be holden at Preston,in and shall appear to them, to the House:

for the said County, on the a 2d Day of February last, And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the Pro- Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

priety of applying to Parliament to authorize the hold- Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

ing of an Annual General Session of the Peace, at such Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

ConvenientcentralP!ace,inthesaidCounty,as Parliament and Records.

should deem most proper for the Purpose of transaft-

ing and discharging all Matters of Business concerning Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, Tower Hill the County at large, and for the Appointment of Offi- to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole cers in the Nomination of the Justices of the Peace Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- , ported. for the said County, who are paid out of the County selves and others. Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Rates; and" that such last mentioned General Court of Buildings, on or near Great Tower London, was Quarter Session of the Peace was accordingly holden, in referred; That the Committee had examined, and pursuance of such Adjournment, at the Time and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-Place aforesaid; that the Court, having recognized tive to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, the the several Proceedings heretofore had, concerning the Parties conceiving that the said Petition did not come holding an Annual General Session of the Peace, in within the Meaning of the said Standing Orders; and and' for the said County, for the Purpose of tranlaft- that the Committee had examined the Matter of the ing all Matters of Business relating to the Concerns of said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, the County at large, declared that, in the Judgment as it appeared to them, to the Hotrfe; and he read the of that Court, the same had been productive of great Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at!

Advantages to the said Count)', and that, as- its Pro- the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is ceedings were liable to- be disturbed, it became necef- as followeth; viz.

fary to have the same sanctioned by Parliament, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. that, if an Act was obtained for these Purposes, it Samuel Wyatt, Surveyor, being examined, said, That would be attended with great Public Utility, and or- the open Space of Great Tower Hill is in a very in-dfered that a Petition to Parliament, from the Justices Convenient and neglected State, which may easily be there assembled, should be signed by the Chairman, improved, both in regard to Convenience, Ornament, and the same was accordingly signed by the Name of and Safety, whereby the Comfort and Accommoda-AlexanderButler, the Chairman of the Session; and' tion of the Inhabitants of the said Hill, and Parts ad-that it was also thought expedient that a Petition, to jacent, and of all Persons passing over the fame, may the like Efibft, should be prepared and signed by fe- be promoted, and that Part of the Metropolis put veraf of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for into a' more respectable and convenient State, bearing the said County, which has accordingly been done; Proportion to the Improvements in other Parts of and' that, at Tire Epiphany Sessions, the Time when the London and Westminster.

Appointment was made for holding the said last-men- And the Witness produced a Plan of the intended fioned General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace, Improvement, which your Committee have thought by Adjournment, at Preston, on the 2 2d Day of Fe- proper to annex to their Report. bruary last, the Petitioners were not aware that the Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Time, limited by the House, for receiving Petitions- Table.

for Private Bills (and which they have since been in- Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances

formed expired on that Day) would have elapsed pre- mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that-viously to its being possible to make such Application' Notices may be given at the General Quarter Sessions to Parliament as should at such Session, so to be holden of the Peace to be holden for the County of by Adjournment, be agreed upon: And therefore pray- sex, for the City of , and for the Tower and Li-

ing, That they may be at Liberty to present the said berties of the Tower of London, and Three Times in Petition, so prepared and signed as above-mentioned, (bme Newspaper usually circulated within the said praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes County, in the present Month of April and the Month therein and above herein mentioned. of May next, or either of them, of the Application

leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be Report, given to present a Petition as desired by the said Juf-

ticcs of the Peace acting in and for the County Pala- Mr. El/ifon reported from the Committee, to whom Lincoln Roads tine of Lancaster. , the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and reporttJ *

Petition pre- Then a Petition of the Justices of the Peace acting enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the' fcatevl in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year House,. and read; Containing the same Allegations as of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and the last preceding Petition: And'praying the House widening certain Roads leading to and from the City would give Leave that a Bill should be brought in; to of , and for repairing and widening the Roads

authorize and direct the holding of an Annual Session- from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at in the County of Lancaster, at such Time, and at such, the Foot of Bridge, over the said Bridge,

convenient and' central Place, where Sessions have West ward, to the Extremity of the County of heretofore been usually held in the said County, as- coin, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Parliament may please to appoint, at which the audit- Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the ing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the County, and Foot of Southward, to a Windmill at

all other Public Accounts, the Appointment of Offi- the Top of the said Hill, was committed; That the . cers in the Nomination of the said Justices of the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Peace, who are paid' out of the County Rates, and the- > and found the same to be true; and that the Commit-discharging of all Business that relates to the County tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Vol. 52. ments

45 *

5° Apri

A.

797'

ments thefeunto, which they had directed him to report his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One That the additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six by One j and, upon the Question severally put there- Pence per Calk, granted by an Act, passed in the upon, were agreed to by the House. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the

Committee on Mr. Yeld-ham's Estate pill.

ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon " Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," should be continued for a further Time.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Bill for discharging the Estates of John Teld- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the ham, Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, House.

Report referred.

upon the Conditions therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made.from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of John Foote, of the

City of London, Banker, William Manning, of the same City, Merchant, Alexander Cuthbert, of Berners Street,

Oxford Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire,

William Marsh,of Norfolk Street, in the Strand, Esquire, and Mr. Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the fame, and John Teldham,late of Sa/ingGrove, in the County of Essex, but now of Nelmes, in the same County,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by " allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, " cured, and exported And that Sir William Lemon

Bill ordered.

Esquire, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Whittlebury-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- encl°r"j'Bl11' mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of Northampton (except the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whit-

Day appointed for Second Reading of Bill to amend Act for making Bread.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they tlewood or Whittlebury) and for extinguishing a Right had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to of Common in and oyer Two certain Pieces of Ground report the same to the House, without any Amend- within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long

' ' ~ Hedge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more

effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-tituled, " An Act for the due making of Bread, and mittee (except the Owners of 14 Acres of Land, who " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property " punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or intended to be inclosed consists of 617 Acres 3 Roods " Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and and 18 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London, and Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commit -the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Mortality, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morn- ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

Bill for revetting Lands, tcc. in Kent, imported.

Report from Committee on Report of Petitions respetting the Pilchard fisheiy.

ing next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Fish Curers, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Pilchard Fishery; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, were severally referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henniker Major reported from the Committee, Bill to amend to whom the Bill to amend the Laws respecting Vagrancy, was committed; That the Committee had gone rep° through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be diffident for the Use of the Members of the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 4th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bist.

Mr.

re-conuwttc&

Googfe~

7 Geo. Ilf 50 — 6°4

frish Annuities Bill, presented.

Committee of Supply.

Account of Kxtvaordina ries of the Army, retired.

Biltfor con firming and continuing Minute of Council, read the Third Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England: And the same was received; and read the Tirft Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay» for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th December 1795 to the 6th De~ cember 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker1 left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February last, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That when a Tender is made in Bank Notes for Rent, the Person to whom the Rent is due, shall not take a Distress.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That the Restraint laid by this Act on the Bank, as to issuing Calli, shall not have any Force or Effect, unless the Governor and Company shall, within a limited Time after the Bill is passed by the House of Commons signify in Writing to the Speaker, to be communicated to the House, and entered on the Journals, that it is the Desire of the Governor and Company, that such Restraint should be continued for the Whole of the Time mentioned in the Bill, or for any shorter Tirqe to be mentioned in such Notice.

And the Question bring put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tll c ., v (Sir William )

Tellers for the Yeas, \ sir SMr ( 43-

} 79-

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 52.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments were intended to be proposed to be fnade to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Court of Di- Bill to enable rectors of the East India Company to administer Oaths to certain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted India Com-to the said Company, against the Practice of buy-ing and felling the Commands of such Ships, be read tain oaths, dc-a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jovis, 6° die Aprilis 5

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1 79 7.

Prayers.

NOTICE being taken, that Edmund Wigley, Esquire, Orders for Joseph Jekyll, Esquire, and Esquire, were now present in their Places in the t£rs,dif-em" House; charged.

The Orders, made upon Monday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon Monday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being taken, that William Esquire,

was now present in his Place in the House;

The Order, made upon Monday last, for his Name to be again called over upon Monday next, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Order for calling over the Name of a Member, dii-charged.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Estates of John Mr. Yeld-Teldham, Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, s , te

upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was read the 1 ,p ' Third Time. „

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An|Act for discharging the Estates of John Teld-ham, Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to tht *

Lords, and desire their Concurrence . \\

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member add-men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring ifn, a to bring i Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Joshua Smith, Clerk, Lord of the Manors of Holt, Holt Hales, and Holt Market,in the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Holt, in the said County, and Rector and Incumbent of the said Parish of Holt, and of several other PeY-fons, being Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish of Holt, or otherwise interested in the Premises.

Mr.' Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens,

Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Holt, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheep-walk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and 6 A in,

1

H

'I

1

D ized by

45 8

6° Ap

A.

1797-

in, over, and upon, certain Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Lethcringfett, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Barmouth Sir Robert Williams reported from the Com-

Harbour Bill, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and preserving repoite . the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfeJ.

Utvc given The House proceeded to take into Consideration

attend°i Se° iat art 1C Message from the Lords of the 27th cm Commit- L)ay of March last, wherein their Lordships desire, that tee of ti.e this House will give Leave that Walter Boyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the Secret Committee of the Lords, referred to in their Lordships said Message.

And tl'.at Part of the said Message was read.

And Mr. Boyd, being present, Hood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is deftred by their Lordships in the said Message.

Refolded, That Walter Boyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is de-lired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks tit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Walter Boyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of the 27th Day of March last, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the said Message.

Lords.

Xord. Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ca/inti s o'nd Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-.Aliington tuled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in

a-recd to B,11> Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and'Downs, s ' cCommon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open

Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or 'Tithings of Allcannings and Allington, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-loweth; viz.

' \y ' Pr. i."l. 11. After the Second " and" insert

: . ' - ' " Henry."

The said Amendment being read a‘ Second Time, was, 'upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Petition of Duke of Portland, &c. against the Bill for equalizing the County Rrtte for Miildle/ex.

A Petition of the most Noble William Henry Cavendish Bent inch, Duke of Portland, the most Noble George Rowlett, Marquis of Winchester, and the Right honourable

Charles Cocks, Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the LandOwners, Proprietors, Vestrymen, and House-hoklers, of the Parish of SaMary-le-Bone, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace, for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the

Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners,' feeling themselves much aggrieved and injured in their respective Properties, should this Attempt be crowned with Success, and the said Bill carried into a Law, beg Leave to represent, that its Object is of the most novel and alarming Nature, and tends to subvert all those ancient Quotas of Contribution to the County Rate of Middlesex, which have been established by ancient Custom, and have been finally fixed by the Legislature of this Country since the Twelfth Ytfar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that the Petitioners, having purchased their Estates, and expended considerable Sums of Money in the Improvement of these Estates by modern Buildings, under the Faith of Parliament, would be greatly injured, and the Inhabitants of other Parishes proportionably alleviated, at their Expence, in their future Assessments, by this equalizing Syltern of Property, founded on the vilionary Bails of Equity, in Opposition to subsisting Law, and the genuine Principles of the Eng/ijhConftitution: What lleafon can

be assigned for changing the County Rate of sex alone, while all other Counties preserve their ancient Rates in their ancient and unequal Form ? If so important a. Change be made in one County, it should be also adopted in all: The Realon that applies to the County Rate attaches also on the Land Tax of the Kingdom, and affects all the Landed Interest of Great Britain: And the Petitioners therefore object to the Principle of this Bill as a dangerous Innovation, and for those, and various other lleafons which may be alledged against it, pray the House, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hartl-ir« for vesting in Trustees the settled Estates of George Jte BlU HaJJ'cll, Esquire, in Trust, to fell the lame, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uies therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Barden be added to the Gentle- Memberadd-men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a sou unTln- Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the closure Bill, several Per Ions, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Southi/l,in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Bier don presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Walle Linds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southi/l, in the County of Bedford: And the same wasfeceived; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in j tonagain the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and the PoorM. the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Public Vestry assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better

Support

3 7 Geo. IIL

6° Jpri;

Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said BiJl should pals into a Law-, the same will be injurious to, and materiali}' attest, the Interests and Properties of themselves and the said other Parishioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Coun-fel, again It the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shallfcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Chaplin' , See. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ivtiaon Bill, for eifcftuat ing a Partition of certain Estates of Francis Chaplin, Esquire, and TBuckworth, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln,was read the Firil Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Secqnd Time.

45 9

they had directed to be reported to the House; and he; read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill) with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question leveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Pilchard Fish cry Bill, pre feiited.

Perth Roads An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more

Bill, paiied. effectual, so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-

ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof was read the Third Eighteenth Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, Time.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon " Pilchards taken, cured, and exportedAnd the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lori's

Popham: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Northampton Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the aving

Renfrew Ronds Bill, imported.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Two Adtmade in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, "An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and " watching, the Town of Northampton, and for rono.'ing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

" and Annoyances therein," and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common fulfill" Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborough,in the County of Buckingham;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SahamTWy Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole j Amend-' Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack menu. Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waile Lands, within the

for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbals of Parish of Salem Toner, in the County of Norfolk-, with

Ru Jey Lone

and Renfrew Road Bill, reported.

Glasgozv to Floakbridge and Easier Grange, in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching from, or connected wfith, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts, was committed.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

O) niered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act,

some Amendments to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Fb % See. Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an printed. 1 Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for drain-u ing and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds in the lllc of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk " and Norfolk, between MiUlenhaH River, South, Plant ic Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the " West by the River Onfe, and on the East by Winter " Load, Earfw ell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

" and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying with-" in the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefred " Landsf so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the

passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Ma- Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and ren-

jesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in Paiflcy Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgozv, by or near Park/ioufe, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrezv, w'as committed.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which VoL. 52s

dering more effectual, the said first-recited Act the same wras received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferrable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bunk of England; and for he better Security of the

Proprietors

Irish Annuities Bill, cQUh mitted.

Die ed by c

4<5o 6°

A. i7

Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill For pre- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into dono a-fer urther Confederation the Report from the Committee men, deferred, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further , Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bill to enable Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second <tfthe East0rI ®ea< ‘ng of the Bill to enable the Court of Directors India Com- of the East India Company to administer Oaths to cer-panyto admi- tain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to the S£1S said Company, against the Practice of buying and fel-«d. . ling the Commands of such Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time j

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words, " upon this Day " Three Weeks, the 27th Day of this Instant April!'

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon this Day Three Weeks, the 27th Day of this Instant April," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 27th Day of this Instant April.

Proceedings Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Coin n" re- Befolutions and Proceedings of the General Court

spefting Oaths and Court of Directors of the East India Company, Commanders from I0t March 1796, respecting taking up Ships of ships, or- for the Company's Service, by fair and open Compeared. tition (including the Report of the Court of Direc-

' tors, and Resolution of the General Court of that

Day) and also all Proceedings of the said General Court and Court of Directors lince that Period, respecting an Oath to be taken by the Owners of Ships in the Company's Service, that they have not fold the Command, and the Commanders that they have not purchased the Command, of the said Ships; as also the Proceedings of a special Committee of the Court of Directors, appointed to take into Consideration the present and future Situation of the Commanders relating to the Subject of Oaths to be taken by the Owners and Commanders respecting the Sale of Commands.

Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing in the East India. Company, for a further Time, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and also an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging and dif-ciphning such Corps or Companies of Men as should voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom during the present War, were severally read: And,

James Cobb, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Company being desirous, at their own Expence, to raise, form, and maintain. Two Regiments of Infantry Volunteers, under the Provisions of the ]aft-mentioned Act, to be employed for the Defence and Protection of their House and Warehouses, and upon such Public Services as in the said Act is mentioned; and such their Delire having been submitted to His Majesty's Consideration, the same has been approved of, and Commissions granted to certain Officers for the railing, training, and commanding the said Regiments: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That Doubts have arisen, whether the Expences of such Two Regiments of Infantry can be paid aj»d defrayed by the said Company, by reason of the Appropriation of their Revenues by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- 5,etu.n of pies of the Monthly Returns of the several Black Corps intheWeT ordered to be raised in the West Indies, from the Date Indies,order, of their Establishment down to the 25th of December ed‘

1796.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according ®arnI, "d to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, cm kS, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the presented. Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrefsfor His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty plealed to give veraor Went-Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies worth's Let-of Governor Wentworth's Letters, respecting the State eMar of the Maroons sent to Nova Scotia from the Island of Jamaica.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Fast in.'ii? Mr. Scott reported from the Committee, to whom Company's the Petition of the United Company of Merchants ndfing Volur.- England trading to the East Indies, was referred; terr Corps, re- That the Committee had examined the Matter of ported. the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sap-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ExtnoMiw-That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Two hundred and Eighty thousand Five hundred and Thirteen y‘

Pounds

37 G£o- MI, 6" — f 4 i

Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to the 6th Day of 1796, both

inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IIoul'c.

King's Con- Notice being' taken, That His Majesty's Infereft is

tk'j 1 [rv'inc 1 o" concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the sure Bill. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of -

bury, in the County of Northampton (except the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whittlewood or Whittlebury; and for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter sWood and Long Hedge, which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill (being ingrafted) was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 5. To leave out " Twenty-five," and inlert " Forty" instead thereof.

Pr. 48. 1. 5. After " Otfice" to inlert " at Nor-"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Bill paired. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An AAfor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of Northampton (except such Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whitt lei voodor Whittleb; and for extinguilliing

a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter s and Long Hedge.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

AJ.irefs rc- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-in the P°fe(U That an humble Address be presented to His Wat Indies, Majesty, requesting that His Majesty will be graciously tc‘ plealed to give Directions to the Governors of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies, to recommend to the respective Councils and Assemblies of the said Plantations, to adopt such Measures as shall appear to them best calculated to obviate the Caul'es which have hitherto impeded the natural Increase of the Negroes already in the Islands, gradually to diminish the Ne-cefllty of the Slave Trade, and ultimately to lead to its complete Termination; and particularly, with a View to the same Effect, to employ such Means as may conduce to the Moral and Religious Improvement of the Negroes, and secure to them, throughout all the

WejiIndia Islands, the certain, immediate, and active Protection of the Law; and at the same Time alluring His Majesty, that this House will concur in such Mea-lures as shall appear requisite to be taken by this House for the Attainment of the same Object;

Vol. 5a.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " gradually to " diminish the Neceftity of the Slave Trade, and ultimately to lead to its complete Termination."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. t

Then the main Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, requesting that His Majesty will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the Governors of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies, to recommend to the respective Coun-

cils and Assemblies of the said Plantations, to adopt such Measures as shall appear to them Left calculated to obviate the Caules which have hitherto impeded the natural Increase of the Negroes already in the Islands, gradually to diminish the Neceftity of the Slave Trade, and ultimately to lead to its complete Termination; and particularly, with a View to the same Elfect, to employ such Means as may conduce to the Moral and Religious Improvement of the Negroes, and secure to them, throughout all the British West India Islands, the certain, immediate, and active Protection of the Law; and at the same Time alluring His Majesty, that this House will concur in such Measures as shall appear requisite to be taken by this House for the Attainment of the same Object;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp , cv f Mr. Charles Rose Ellis, )

Tellers for the Yeas,} j 99-

TeHerc for the Noes, ( $»£, j«3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itftelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of tition of Cam-Cambricks and Lawns; bricks, &c.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- eierre ‘ ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding, upon the Third Bill for con-Reading of the ingrafted Bill for confirming and con- finnmsaud

o o > continuing

tinuing, for a Time to be limited, the lteftriction con- Minute of tained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of Council,d»-bruary last, on Payments of Calli by the Bank, be fur- erre " ther adjourned till this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Vietieris, 70 die Aprilis;

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797.

Prayers. " ,

NOTICE being taken, that Sir John Call, Baronet, Orders for Robert Thornton, Esquire, the I Ionourable Thomas Onslow, the Honourable JohnRawdon, the Honourable certain Mem-Edward Finch, and the Honourable Edmund Phipps, j «idricharg-were now present in their Places in the House;

The Orders, made upon Monday last, for their Names to be again called over upon Monday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

6 B Notice

462

70 Apri

J. 1797.

Orders for Attendance of certain Members, discharg-cd.

Communications between the Bank, &c. re i petting Advances to Government, presented.

Surgeons Colit ;c Bill, reported.

Report on Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Bill further consider ed.

Bunny hido-

1 u it bill, pro it nicd.

Notice being taken, that Chute', Esquire,.

and Samuel Haynes, Esquire, were now present in their Places in the House;

The Orders, made upon Monday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House upon Monday next, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, dikharged.

The House being informed that Mr. Bejl, from the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

Copies of all Communications between the Directors of the Bank and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting Advances to Government lince the ill November 1794, exclusive of the Information contained in the Papers already laid before the House from the Bank of England.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Maunvaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erefting the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for continuing and confirming to such College certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 30th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more eai'y, expeditious, and less expensive, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, purl'uant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of 1794;

Ordered, That tire said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tire Lord Rancliffepresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Manor and Parish of Bunny,

in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a n Kenyan? Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the cloture Bill Right honourable George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, Lord of the Manor,of in the County of Montgomery, and the humble Petition of the several

other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Mr. Keene presented to the House, according to Or- Bill pre-der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lands, tente within the Manor of Keiry, in the County of

f ornery; And the same was received; and read the 'irft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lo dsAirend-Amendments made by ti e Lords to the Bill, intituled,

AnAdt for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole JndofuTj Bill Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack »gre«ito. Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds,

.and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Toney, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out from " And" to " Be" in Line 5.

After " his" insert " or her."

Leave out " and."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

Pr. 9. 1. 1.

Pr- 33 *

Pr. 49.

1. II.

I.

5-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Wodehouto Act for efteftuating a Settlement of the Freehold and ElbteElllv Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of comlTU c ' John Hrodehouse> Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris,

Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Charlotte Laura Wodehouse, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho-bart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several thereunder-signed Land Petition of Owners, and Owners of Meafe Places; in the Parish of Q le Lan<1 Ashelworth, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to against AOiel-the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- urc mon Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashelworth, in the County of Gloucester; and Setting forth, That there are only about 310 Acres of Commonable Land, belonging to Land Owners of the said Parish, of which 14S Acres are Meadow Land, called The Upper Ham, lying in the Manor of Hasfe/d, the Right of Common upon which belongs excluhvely to the Petitioners (and some others) as Owners of Fifty-five Meafe Places within the said Parish, and the Petitioners are the Owners of Thirty-four of such Meafe Places; and that the Remainder of the said Commonable Land consists of a Common Meadow, called Lonhergins Ham, containing about Eight Acres (upon which Six Persons have a Right of Common) and about 150 Acres of Waste Land, Part of a Tract of Land called Curje Lawn, upon . ' which

v

> re-

J

:sl

"ft

)r-1»

'( fci

':e

ic bi-W; ~c;;

J' :-r

L

\V.

E-Jril

J-

37 Geo. III. 7 Jprilis. 463

Which Waste Land all the Land Owners of the said A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Pengelnclo *

Parish are entitled to a Right of Common; and that Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge; lying tcted> co,n *

the several Estates, within the said Parish, lie very within the Hamlet of in the County of

compact and convenient, and many of such Estates was, according to Order, read a Second Time,

are exempt from the Payment of Great Tithes; and Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

that of the Remainder of such Estates the Great , Lord William &c.: And they are to

Tithes (except a Portion of which the Vicar was en- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

dowed) belong to Charles Hayward, Esquire, who is Speaker's Chamber.

Lord of the Manor of Ashelworth, and Owner of an A Petition of the Right honourable George John Spencer's Estate in the said Parish; and that there is no one Earl , was presented to the House, and read; againiti>° Bill.

Object in the Bill sufficient, under the Circumstances Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, of this Cafe, to justify the enormous Expence which That, if the same should pals into a Law in its prewill attend the obtaining and carrying it into Execu- sent Form, the Rights and Interest of the Petitioner tion, but that, on the contrary, it is fraught with will be very materially injured: And therefore pray-great Evil, and will be extremely injurious to the Pe- ing, That he may be heard, by his Gounfel, or Agents, titioners: And therefore praying, That the House will against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Rights not permit the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that and Interest, and that he may have such Relief in the the Petitioners may be permitted to examine Witnesses, Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the That the said Petition be referred to the

House, against the said Bill. Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they Ordered, That it be an InstrudHon to the said Com-think fit. mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the said Petition.

said Petition. Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lincoln Road An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-

Bill, paired. tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two A efts, passed A Petition of the Manufacturers and others con- petition of in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- cerned in the Woollen Trade of the County of G/ou- jesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting oiouuiter Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to lay before pc ting pairing and widening certain Roads leading to and the House the deprtded State of the Trade and Ma- ' from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and wi- nufactures of the said County, owing to the follow-dening the Roads from the Termination of the present ing Caul'es, which have arifien, as the Petitioners con-Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over ceive, from the present/unfortunate War: That, in the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the Consequence of the extended Sphere of Hostilities County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, which now unhappily prevails, the Petitioners find a and from the Termination of the present Turnpike very great Advance in the Price of every Article,

Road, at the Foot of Camvick Hill, Southward, to a particularly of foreign Import, and an almost entire Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, was read the Exclusion of their Manufactures from those Ports and Third Time. Markets which have hitherto afforded so large a Vent

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title for them: That, from the increased Taxation and high be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering Price of Provisions, the Working Pe'ople are at present and ► nlarg. ng t he Power-, of Two Acts, passed in the suffering great Distress, and the internal Consumption Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty of the Manufactures of the Country is very much re-King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year duced: That the agitated and alarming State of Ire-of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and land has nearly suspended every Kind of commercial wide; ing certain Roads lead g to and from the City Intercourse between the Kingdoms, and put a Stop to of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads Remittances from that Country: That the general from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at State of Commerce is much aftefted and embarrassed the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, by the late Injury done to Public Credit in the Discon-Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lin- tinuance of Payments in Calli by the Bank of coin, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the a Measure which, the Petitioners are sorry to under-Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Hand, in the present Situation of Things, was una-Foot of CanwickHill, Southward, to a Windmill at voidable: That the Petitioners in particular, as Manu-the Top of the said Hill. fa<fturers, sustain great Difficulties from the Scarcity

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the of Money, by preventing them from fulfilling their Lords, and desire their Concurrence. customary Engagements, and putting it out of their

Power to pay their Work People in such a Manner as Browne‘S An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An the Convenience and Necessities of the Poor require:

committed. Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will That it appears to the Petitioners that no possible

of Samuel Browne, Merchant, to settle the Residue of Remedy can be applied capable of recovering our loft his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate, Credit, and of restoring the usual and univerlally ac-pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the knowledged Medium of Circulation, but the Revival Marriages of his Daughters, Pleasance, the Wife of of our Trade, and the gradual and progressive Action Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hester, of an increasing Commerce: That the Petitioners pre-the Wife of Jacob Henry AJlley, Esquire, was read a fume to think all other Measures v\ hath ever, instead of Second Time. being conducive to this lalutary End, will, on the con-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of trary, tend to increase the Evil: That enlarged issues Norfolk, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this of Paper, and Extensions of Discount, will only add Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's to our Embarraliments, and make the Interruption to Chamber. Payments in Specie permanent, which might otherwise

Vo.1,52. be,

Renfrew Roads Bill, passed.

Paitley Lone and Kefnrew Road Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Air for m iking Bread, committed.

464

70 /Iprills.

A

1797 *

be only temporary: That, upon all these Grounds, the Petitioners with great Humility, but, at the same Time, with much Earnestness, submit their Perlua-fion to the House, that Peace alone can be effectual to remove the Evils they complain of, to revive our declining Manufactures, restore Confidence and Credit to the Commerce of the Country, and open to our Trade those Ports and Channels which are so necessary to its Prosperity: And therefore praying the House to adopt such Measures as may lead to a l'pcedy and permanent Peace.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorb of to bridge and Ea/lerGrange, in the County of and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching from, or connected with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-fe-venth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from G or bah of Glasgow to Floakbridge and Easter Grange, in the County of , and

other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching from, or connected with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Mc Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in Lone, at the

West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of by or near Park/totife, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhonfe,to the East End of the Bridge at

Renfrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Mc Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. M‘ Dowall do carry to the Lords Mr. M'Dowsil the ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty- the Lorf . ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordflrips thereto.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Maimeftuiy the 3d Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of James Joint ferred. Vaffar, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of might be

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Vhut flay, the 4th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Or-derj for their Attendance according!)'.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That no Bounty Hull be paid on the Exportation of Barley, Oats, or other Articles mentioned in the Bill, entered for Exportation, before a Time to be limited.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended, and read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. x. 1. ult. To Leave out " Barley."

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks;

Bill to repeal

Part of Act for prohibiting the Exportation Com, &c. read the Third Time.

Debate on an

Amendment

adjourned.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y eas,

Mr.

Mr.

lluffey,

t

Tellers for the Noes, j "r-

t Sir Charles:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

| ns.

j j«-

Mr. Secretary at War present ed to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Anny.prt-Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 7th to the 24th of December 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Tiie laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An

iTr

C.

I:-

' lb

t; aj

|4

hr

0;-

i,

a

37 Geo. III.

7° Apri,

4 5

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Eight honourable the P ay mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 7th to the 24th of December 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Payments.

1796.

December 7th. (To Messrs. Bernard and Broohjfor Cloathing of Four new Companies of Invalids, for the Year 1795 -

I To D° - - - for Accoutrements furnished for the Invalids

10th. |To Mr. IVindoiv, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. - -- --....

jTo Messrs. W. D. Adams and for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at &c.

[To the Honourable Charles , on Account of the Pay of himself and his Staff on an Expedition to Portugal

16th. |To M. G. Simcoe, on Account of his Pay as Lieutenant General at

Saint Domingo, and to defray sundry Expences attending his taking upon himself the Government of that Island ——

aoth To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, on Account of Bat and Forage Money of a Regiment of Loyal French Emigrants -

Issued to the Barrack Master General,

For providing Coals, Candles,. Bedding, Utensils, Furniture, &c. for Cavalry7 and Infantry in Barracks in Great

Guernsey, Jersey, and Aldern, and for Repairs, £. s.

Contingencies, &c. - -- 23,090 4 8

I For Forage for Cavalry Rationed in D" - - - - 7,132 8 —

For providing and fitting Temporary Barracks - - 11,700-

On Account of Pay, &c. of sundry Black Corps for the Year 1795, raised for Service in the H'ejl Indies - - - 14,575 8

[On Account of D° - - - for the Year 1796 - - 1,000 ——

I On Account of D° - - - for the Year 1797 - - 1,566 ——

(To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John , Esquire, for the Purchase of Horses in the United States of America for His Majesty's Service in the West Indies, and for Forage and Freight of the same ——

[To D° - - - drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there ——

I To D° - - - drawn by H. Ross, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Forces at the Cape of Good Hope ——

[To Calli paid by Mr. Brymer, Aifting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th September 1796 ——

War Office, 7th April 1797.

£ d.

1,521 2 8

577 6 —

3.000 ——

2,871 7 7

2.000 ——

1.000 ——

800 ——

41,922 12 8

17,141 8 1

3.700 — —

5.700 -

13,481 5 6

13,247 10 10

106,962 13 4

W. Windham.

Vol. 52.

6 G

Ordered'

7° — 10° Aprilis.

j. 1797.

Account of Income and Ch urges on Conioliduted Fund, ordered.

Bill for con-

linrniv.: nnd coni iuu.n Minure of Owr.til, palVed.

Ordered \That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be futheient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of and Charges upon the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarters ending the sth of Julyand 10th of 0.7 oker 1796, and the 5th of 'Ja-

nuary and 5th of April 1797, respectively; together with an Account of thd Sum granted out of the C011-folidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796, and the Produce to satisfy the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding, upon the Third (leading of the ingrossed Bill for confirming and continuing, for a Time to be limited, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council, of the 26th of February lad, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Bank to pay in Cash any Sum, or any Part of any Debt or Demand, on giving Notice to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be published as therein mentioned.

And the said Claute was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by insert ing after the Word " Cath" thel'e Words, " out of any Cash which shall have come into " the Hands of the said Governor and Company, " subsequent to the 26th Day of February last, and " which shall be at their Disposal."

And the Question being put. That thos Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, |c HarckeJlmyA

Tellers for the Noes fMr idlers for the in oes, (Mr

31 *

So it Was ftfolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Blank being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to empower the said Governor and Company, to ilVue Cash to the Two Royal Banks

in Scotlcuu/, to a certain Amount.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were levcrally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 1. After " Whereas'' to insert " by

M Minute of."

1. 2. To leave out u by Minute of " Council,"

Pr. 8. 1. 26. vAfter " that" to insert " from

' " and after the 7th Day of April

" 1797-M

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 26. To leave out " Twenty-fourth

" Day of June" and insert " Sixth Day of May" inllead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Twenty-fourth Day of June" stand Part of the

Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of February One tliou-sand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Floufe to Supply,de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fessed# to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rcfolvc itkif into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways and to rel'ohe itself into a Committee of the whole House, pkms,d<.--to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the trru' Supply granted to His Map ity;

Resolved, float this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rclolve itself into the said Committee.

A'he House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for cuitSesBiu." making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland t ransferrabie, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England-, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, fl'hat they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, fl'hat the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, fl'hat this House will, upon Monday Morn- Committee ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made Company's from the Committee to whom the Petition of the tOT United Company of Merchants of England trading to volunteer the East Indies, was referred. iiTred'A *

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Loun<Zy 10° die A;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797-Pr AY ERS.

A Bill for extending the Monmouthfare Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, com. passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His nutted, present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William t'®n

agamlt re-

Kmeys, fared, and

Counsel or-«lcrc«l.

OToucester and Berk , ley Canal Bill,

polled-

Earl Spencer ! Kil re Bill, committed.

Southill Tn-closure Bill, committed.

HintonMartcl, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

37 Geo. III. io

Ktrnevs, Esquire, Owner of One undivided Third Part of certain Lands, called the fi atojnlc or Cinclohill IVharfy and the Frurrs Bttlcis, in, and adjoining to, the Town of AvrcyVv/7, in the County of Alonaiuiitli, and to the River Lfi, and Leiile of the Entirety thereof, which was presented to the House upon Monday la ft, and then ordered to lie upon the Libie until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himl'cif, his Counld, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, it he thinks lit.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Gourde! ' to be heard, at the same 'l'ime, in Favour of the said Bill, again11 laid Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who corne to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingroilcd Blil for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Cicucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more cafy, expeditious, and Jels expendve, was read' the Third "Li me.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucejicr and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive, and for altering and amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Air. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aprilis.

467

Sir John 'Mor Jauntreported from the Committee, to M,n;ngton

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common or Watte Land, in in the

Counties of Oxford and // 'untuck, with the Parilti of C: pred\, in the said County of Oxford, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to bills ol Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that" the Parries concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-

tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-j>art to the House; and lie /cad the Ecport in his

Place; and afterwards ll the Amendments, in at tin

delivered the Bill, with Clerk's Table: Where

tin

the

amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroilcd.

An ingrossed P ill from tire Lords, intituled an Act HaniH sF.fi.ae for vesting in Trustees the let tied Estates of George j1, commit-Haffcil, Esquire, in Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

RefohcJ, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-do:, Mr. Grey, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Anm.w C:if-the ingroilcd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act f|s Eihte Bill, to enable the Truliees, to be therein named, to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the Third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and J>lano[ in the County of Sufex, and for vesting in Truliees, and their Heirs, certain Estates certain °ther Elcates in the said Act mentioned, was at Mappozvder and Plufh, in the County of Dor fa, mntted; That the Committee had examined the

and lnkpen and Kint bury, in the County o i Berks,deviled CSatlons °| t lc ant l°ur>d the same to be true;

by the Will of John, late Earl Spencer, in Trull, to a"d thatthe I aH.csconcemed had given their Consent

convey the same to the Eight honourable G cor re John t|) thc1 k to tlc Satisfaction of the Committee; and " -- - ° that the Committee had chrcfted him to report the

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/oThat the Bill do pals. Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, on the said Eight honourable George John Earl Spencer, iettling in Lieu thereof, to the Uses and upon the Trulls of the said Will, his inflate at Chapel Brampton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Lord Arden, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of South;//, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. St. John, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hinton Martel, Guff age All Saints, and Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Morton Pitt, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Vol. ?2.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Arundel \s»-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act nor Bill, re-for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Cullomary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also entailed by the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the Moyfe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 'l'able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment *

A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields '

and

petition a-gffinit read apM, and Coin del ordered *

Adderbury and Oxford Ro.id Bill, reported.

Limiridge Inclosure Bill, prclented.

Toddmgton Inclosure Bill; committed.

Fly, See. Drainage Bill, committed.

ro° Apr

A. 1797.

and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashelvtorth, in the County of , be now read,

a Second Time;

And the House being informed. That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Friday last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, again it the said Bill, did not delire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, Thjit the Petition of the several thercunder-signed Land Owners, and Owners of Meafe Places, in the Parish of , in the County of GIgv.ccfur (which was prclented to the House upon Friday last) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Pare reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post in the Village of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford, through KiJUngton, to the lend of the Mileway in the City of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lindridge,in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Poddington, and Hamlet of in the Parish of Poddington, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act,

1 made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds " in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MildenhaHRiver, South, Plant Lead,

" and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by " the River OuJ'e, and on the East by Winter Load,

" well Brooke, and the Hard Lands of and for

" empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Coinmonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great " Level of the Feus, commonly called Bedford Level,

" to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits " aforesaid, commonly called Lands," so far as

relates to the federal Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-recited Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

General Adeane, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chaplin's, &«. for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Fran- Par'i,:on cis Chaplin, Esquire, and Pheophihis Esquire, coummte ' in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Vyner, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation " of I'/aterbeaeh Level, in the County of Cambridge,

" and to establish an Agreement made between the " Lord of the Manor of cum

" and the Commoners within the said Manor;" and also, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, General Adeane, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wnterb each Level Di d in-age Bill, committed.

Mr. Miiinwaring reported from the Committee, to cimftChwA whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names 1>oor.I,'i'ri'vn are thereunto subscribed. Veilrymen and Inhabitants rC) of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Mid-dltfex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually enabling the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ered a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, were read: And,

Mr. Edward Sandham being examined, said. That Part of the Money authorized to be raised by the said last mentioned Act hath been raised accordingly, and applied for the Purposes thereof.

And he further said. That the Lease of the Workhouse and Buildings is nearly expired and at the End of the Term the Petitioners will be unable to carry into Effect the said first-mentioned Act, with reiped to the providing a Workhouse for the Maintenance and' Employment of the said Poor whereby the good Intentions of the said Act will be defeated, unless Power shall be given for raising a sufficient Sum of Money to answer the Ends and Purposes thereof, with retped to such Workhouse and Poor.

And the Witness added, That the Mode of rating in Classes hath by Experience been found liable to Frauds and Evasions, and prejudicial to the Parish, and the

turgeong College Bill, passed.

Petition in Favour of Bill for equalizing the County Rate for Middlesex.

Mitcham Rector's Exchange Bill, reported, and palfed.

37 Geo. III.

10

Aprilis.

4 $

the said Acts in that and many other Respects require to be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the " Parish of Christ Church, in the County of " to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the etnploying and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, " and for the more effectual Support and Employment " of the Poor therein," and also an Act, passed in the Eigiiteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Man ner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better efledluating other Regulations relative thereto: And that Mr. Maimvaringand Mr. Hobart do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for continuing and confirming to such College certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 7. To leave out, " Richard Grin dull".

& 9 } '° lcavc out "

1. 29. After " Cto insert " together " with Two other Persons to be " hereafter elected by the said " Council, and which they are hereby empowered to do."

Pr. 6. 1. o1-) To leave out " Richard

& 32. j

1. 33. To leave out " John Wyatt."

1. 34. To leave out from " " to " shall"

in Line 36, and insert " together " with such Two other Persons " hereinbefore directed to be chofen," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for erefling the Corporation of Surgeons of London into a College, and for granting and confirming to such College certain Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwarin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of A3on and Saint Luke Chel~ sea, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace, for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County: And praying, That the same may be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Toung reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands in the same Parish belonging to the Right honourable William Wyndham, Lord Grenville, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the VOL. 52.

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Toung do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Stoke GcM-the Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put into.

Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the nentoad 16 "Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen the Ninth Petition, re-Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the t>orted‘ Fifteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish' of Stoke in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and for repairing the Road from the North Bridge of pert Pagnel,in the County of Bucks, to the said -

shoe House,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that no Notice had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House, for the County of Buckingham, such Part of the Standing Orders which requires Notices to be given at the MichaelmasSessions for each and every County having been misunderltood; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Robert Abbey being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money which has been borrowed still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that it will be necessary to increase the present Tolls: And the Witness added, that it will be more convenient if the Powers of the said Acts were reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notice may be given, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Buckingham, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, AnfWr. to That their Address of Thursdayhalt (that His Majesty Addresses. would be graciously pleased to, give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of Governor Wentworth's Letters respecting the State of the Maroons sent to Nova Scotia from the Island of Jamaica) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the Ilcufe,

That their Address of Thursday last (requclling that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Governors of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies,to recommend to the respective Coun-

cils and Assemblies of the said Plantations, to adopt such Measures as shall appear to them bell calculated to obviate the Causes which have hitherto impeded the Natural Increase of the Negroes already in the

6 D Islands,

4?o

to

Aprilis.

A.

1797‘

Islands, gradually to dlminish the Nece/Iity of the Slave in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty *

Trade, and ultimately to lead to its complete Tcrmi nation; and particularly, with a View to the same Effect, to employ such Means as may conduce to the Moral and Religious Improvement of the Negroes, and secure to them, throughout all the British West India Islands the certain, immediate, and active Protection of the Law i and at the same Time alluring His Majesty, that this House will concur in such Measures as shall appear requisite to be taken by this House for the Attainment of the same Ohicdj had been pre- Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Not-fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com- tingliam, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County -of Soma jet y and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town: And that Mr.

DickhiJ'on Senior, Mr; Gore Langtnn, and Mr. Dickinson Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Nottingham

" Debtors Petw

tioru

manded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions as desired by the said Address,

ftrcatfotf A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the inclomre Bill, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-committed. mon pafl-ures an(] 0t]ier Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great ford, in the County of Lincoln, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lefcvre, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ting

forth. That the Petitioners have no Allowance whatever to alleviate their cl ill relied Situation;, and that most of them have Wives and Families: And therefore praying, That their hard same may be taken into Consideration, relying on the Justice and Humanity which charaderiie the British Senate for that Af-lifrance which in their Wiillom they may think fit to grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

r

i-j

From? Raids ami St reefs Petition, reported.

Mr. DicUnfon Senior reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, anu found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Roads and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Pliice; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr La 'ivrence WilkinJon being examined, said, That the Trustjcs have proceeded in the Execution of the in the Common Arable Field, out 01 324 Acres in the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Whole; and that no Person appeared before the Com Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee which still remains clue, and cannot be repaid, and the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, un- ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-Ids the Terms of the said /\cc$ arc further continued, port to the House; and he read the Report in his

Mr. Fucker Steward reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, rcnortaU the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of li jke Regis, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties -concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Fourth Part of the Ricdit, called The Fanners

O '

Rig/:!; and also the Proprietors of One and a Quarter, and of One Third of the Rights called The Gentlemen s Lands, out of 18 and a Half in the Whole, and also the Proprietors of Two and a Half, and One Third of the Rights called Reeve Lands, out of 16 in the Whole; and also the Proprietors of Two and a Quarter of the Rights called Fit king Lands, out of 227 in the Whole; and also the Proprietors of 36 Acres of Hind

Sa-

lt:

til

and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged:

That the present Road leading from Frome Town Bridge, to a Place called North Hill, is very narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and it would beconvenicnt for ail Persons travelling the said Road, if Power was given to make a new Road from the said Bridge to join the Turnpike Road leading from Frome to Beck- ingrossed inyton, at or near North I Jill,in the Parish of;

and, in order to make the said Roads more convenient for the Public, it will be necessary that the Trustees should be authorized to pull down and remove certain Houses and other Buildings, in or near the Town of Frome, and to carry the Road through Gardens, and other Grounds, which they are not at present empowered to do; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public, and to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Frome, if the Foot Paths thereof were put under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, and if they were empowered to ered and maintain Lamps, and

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

kB

I\V

U"

I kz

Th? Lord? Lave agreed to

to remove all Nuisances, Annoyances, anti Obftmdions, in the Streets of the said Town: And the Witness added, that for effecting the above Purpoils,' it will be necessary that the Tolls, now payable on the said Roads, should be incrcaled on Sundays.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Spranyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ir niaH,&-c. Act for dividing and inclosing the 1 leaths. Fen Grounds, Ia'-‘oiure Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari (lies of Uggeshall, Frojlenden, and South Cove, in the County Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ai: S tterler, Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, xncioi'uWiJiH.' Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Sottcrley, Henjleadwith Hulverjireet, and in

the County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bedford la-

Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Failures, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town

of

ciolure Bid *

4; ,/

.1

37 Geo. III.

io

i4 7J

471

Wingntve with Kow-<ham Inclosure Bill.

Harwood In-Cloiure Bill.

Barrow Inclo-ftire Bill, with Amendments.

of Bedford, in the County of Bedfordwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of zvilk Rozvsham,

in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of He invood, in the County Palatine of Lane act of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting,

and inclosing,

the Open

Xlilbrooke Church Bill, with Amend ments.

The Lo-ds have pal Ted Stinton's Leaie Bi ii.

Earl of Ash-burn ham's, ice. Exchange Bill.

Sir William Lowther's Sitate Bill.

Soilleux's Nat. Bill.

Dubois Nat. Bill.

Tiercel in's Nat. Bill.

Barmouth Harbour Bill, pailed.

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish; with' some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Stint on, Doctor in Divinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebcndal Lands situate in the several Parishes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House-: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Eight honourable John Earl of Aftibiirnham and the Dean and Chapter1 of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Rectory of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Act;burn-ham, both in the County of Si ft ex; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this 1 Joule: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther s conveying other Estates to the Ufies of the settled Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soilkux; to which the ingrolfcd. Lords de/ire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois dc Chemant; to which the Lords de-lire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Joseph Tiered in; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds; in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 54. li 1. Leave out from u mentioned1' to

Lords A-mendmenti to Barrow Inclosure Bill; agreed to»

" which," in Press 55, Line 10.

Leave out " as last mentioned."

Pn SS. I. 13.I

and 14.)

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mn Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That flic Committee to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Newca/r/e upon Tyne, to, or nearly to, Hay don Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Long, according to Order; reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England) and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Committee on Nov. ca file C:m?l Biii to tit notwithstanding Adjournment.

Irish Annul ties Bill, reported. 1

And then the Mcftengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and preserving the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day, for the Attendance of the several Members who were ordered to attend the Service of the House this Day, and the Orders for whole Attendance have not been discharged, and also the Order of the Day for calling over the Names of several other Members, being read, the Names of the said several Members were called over, and several of them appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, they were severally excused (as having been in the House this Day, or as being Abroad, or as being confined by Illness in the Country) except William tuning ham Routine, Esquire.

Ordered, That William Cuningham Benthic, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon Thursday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April.

Several Detail leers at

Cali appear, and arc cx-cului.

'Member ordered to attend.

Bill for revelling Lands,

An ingrafted Bill for re-vesting certain Lands, Te-&c in Kent nement;!> a°d Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, parted! eD in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-vesting certain Lands, Tenements, Vol. 52.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Fees paid in the different Departments at the War Office for the various Services of the Army.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to represent to Him, That it appears to this

House,

Fees in the War O/Rce, ordered.

Motion re-respecting the Negotiation for Peace, fu-perfeded.

Committee on Livvs reip-.cting the Importation of C'.'.mhrick;-, &c. deferred.

Supply, deferred'.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on Report of Kait India I 'ormrtny's Petition for railing Volunteer Corps,

4 it ierred.

Ifoufcrcftlvcs to adjoUrn to

20th Ap.il.

10 — -20

Other Orders

of the Day, road.

Bill f >r preventing Desertfen of Sea-mui, deferred.

1291‘

|S,

472

House, on a mature Consideration of the Circum. stances, and the Kef At of the late Negotiation, that His Majesty's gracious and benign Intentions for reftor-ing General Peace, have been either misconccived by the Government of France,or ill explained by them to the People of that Country:

That we therefore humbly bcfcech His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty plealed, without Delay, to adopt such Measures, as may appear to Him 'in His lloyal Wil'd om, nioft efficacious for removing every' Milcon-ception which may have been entertained by the Directory of France, by the French Nation, and by all Europe, relative to the Sincerity of die Intentions, by which the Government of this County was actuated in making Overtures of Peace to the Directory of France;

A Motion was made, and thd Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{

Tellers for the Noes.j 'jffj.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Wands in the West Indies, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instanf April.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cainbricks and Lawns;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 21 ft Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of tho Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, at the filing of the Hcule this Day, adjourn till T/n of day Sevennight, the 20th Day of this instant April.

Aprilis.

A.

l191-

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees have. Leave to notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ct,

Committee to lit.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- CopiesofGo-

vemor Wentworth's Letters respect. ing the Maroons, pit-fented.

suant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 23d July 1796: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 23th July 1796: And also,

N° 3. Extrad of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 13th August 1796: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 20th September 1796: And also,

N°3. Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 14th September 1796: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 8th October 1796: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter (N° 33.) from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 29th October 1796: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to the Duke of Portland,dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 21st December 1796.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas have Leave to make a Motion.

And lie moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Curwen have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly, That the Call, deftmA Order, made upon Monday last, for this House to be again called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this Instant Ten

of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 37 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Ordered, That Motion.

Mr. Dichins have Leave to make a

Prayers.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Settlement of the' Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of John Wodehouse, Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said

Charlotte

F-w.

U>

Ai

K.

Wodeliou/e'f Elhte Bill, imported, and paired.

Googhr~

37 Geo. ill.

:Od Aprilis.

j>imb.T ton-Jkirc Wnt.

Charlotte Lain a Wodehonfe, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the "Third Time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Din the room of H i'Him Cuning ham Routine, Esquire, who, lince his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcfboroughand in the County of Buckingham.

473

the Marriages of his Daughters, the Wife of

Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hejl

er.

Esquire, was

' e? ‘

com-

Edward Roger

the Wife of Jacob Henry AJiley, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain LmdridgeiH. Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lindridge, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Foley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ctiHon of Land Owners, Ike. iirainll Holtlnclol'ure Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Holt,in the County of Norfolk, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests within the Parish of Holt aforesaid, was presented to the situate in the several Parishes therein, mentioned, was House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for divid- read the First Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Stinton's Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal Lands

allotting,

and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Holt, in the County of Norfolk, and for cxtinguish. ing all Rights of Shcepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and in, over, and upon certain Lands and

Soilleux's Nat. Bill, read *

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soil/eux, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, im- Newcastle.&c.

Grounds within the Parish of Letheringfett,in the said proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West K< d(jS Bdl' County; and Setting forth. That if the said Bill should, Cowga near the Town of upon Tyne, through 1X1

‘Dubois Nat. Bill, read.

Frome Roads and Streets Bill, prektat-d.

in its present Form, pass into a Law, the same will be injurious to the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, by depriving them of the Benefit which they now derive from their Rights of Common, and other Rights and In-tcrefts in and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Parish of Holt: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tables until the said Bill be read a Second Time.


An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois de Chemaut, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson Senior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the down of Frome,in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the West End of Kenton PontelHigham Dykes,

ham Edge, Be/fay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River I in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 28. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " and " in 1. 30.

1. 33. To leave out " Goods and Chattels."

Pr. 21. 1. 7. To leave out " Goods and Chattels."

The laid Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cowgate, near the Town of Newcaf/e upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton Ponteland, Higham Dykes, Newham

v >

Be/fay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck,in the County of Northumberland;

and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont do cany the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

Browne £frate Bill, re po"ted, xuici pahui.

Mr. llcratio JVaJfole reported from the Committee, Mr. Pocliin presented to the House, according to Kniptonln to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and cloiuro Bill, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, plcklUu1, Will of Samuel Browne, Merchant, to settle the Residue within the Parish of Kuipton, in the County of Leicester; of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ellatc, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to Refohed, That the Bill Be read a Second Time.

Vol. 52. . t E A Pettaiga

Petition from Corporation of Great Yarmouth iga'nft tin Bill to regulate the Trial of faults, wVc.

Tiercelin's Nut. Bill, read.

Southoe Inclosure Bill, pieiented.

474 20° Jprilis. A. 1797.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules and Indictments, which, arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive there are divers Clauses and Provisions contained therein which will materially affect their Rights and Privileges, and be highly prejudicial and inconvenient, and attended with great Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, if the same should pass into a Law in its pretent Form, and will be destructive of the Peace, Order, and good Government of the Town, and may diicourage Persons from protecting Offences committed within the Borough: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pats into a Law; and that the Borough and down of Great Yarmouth may be particularly excepted out of it, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, their Countel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interest and ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Joseph Tiercelin, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, lugs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Pa-rifn of Southoe, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the I louse, according Thrift Church to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, u1,pre *

an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *

" An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners c< of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of " Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse,

" for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the " said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and " Employment of the Poor therein," and also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for empowering the Justices Bill for cqua-of the Peace, for the County of Middlesex, at their ‘"5th General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a for MiLieftx, fair and equal County Rate for the said County, be deferred, read a Second Time upon WednesJay Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. jodre/l be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill dd dto bring to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth amend Act for Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, intituled, Prevention of " An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the weights.

" Ule of defective Weights, and of falle and unequal " Balances."

Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Pre-u vention of the Lfc of defective Weights, and of " falle and unequal Balances:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Gi atWilbra-

Jum Indoiure Bid, reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Wilbraham, in the County of Cambridge, was committed.

Mr, Charles Yorke accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, of the Annual Value of £.137. 10j, who have not signed the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates to be affected by the Bill amounts to £. 1,152. 15J. > and that no Person appeared before, the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Bill to amend present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to re' ,

, r 7 . ~ . spectin the

" lulpend, for a limited lime, the Operation ot lwo Negotiation of " Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Promiiioiy u Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the e(i°tCJ,or " Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills " of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part " of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. IViiuerfcrce Bird and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the EaflIndia Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 louse, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of all Ketolutions and Proceedings of the General Court and Court of Directors of the India Company, from the ioth 1796, respcaing

taking up Ships for the Company's Service by fair and open Competition (including the Pc port of the Court of Directors, and Resolution of the General Court of that Day) and also all Proceedings of the said General Court and Court of Directors lince that Period, re-ipccting an Oath to be taken by the Owners of Ships in the Company's Service, that they have not fold the Command, and the Commanders that they have not purchased the Command, of the said Ships; as also the

Proceedings

Proceedings of" E.iJt India Company respecting Oaths to be taken by Commanders

of Ships, pre-« lcn ted.

Z

o

o

'9/'

[ ,:] A:.

!) L';

n

i c; 5

37 Geo. III.

20---21

475

" Britain called EnglandAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be committed to Mr. Keene, Mr. John Pitt, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sr»pplcmrnta-rv Appendix to Firit Report from the itt/icer Cotn-nrirty e on Kill incc, delivered in.

Proceedings of a Special Committee of the Court of Direcftors, appointed to take into Consideration the present and future Situation of the Commanders, relating to the Suhjeft of Oaths to be taken by the Owners and Commanders, respecting the Sale of Commands.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copies, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed td examine and (late the dotal Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Intereil and Charges attending the fame, as they Hood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And like wile of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1 797, of the Permanent Taxes which exilled previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and Hate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the Several Offices; toge- fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he ther with the Amount of the Ways and Means that read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dclT have been provided to defray the fame; and who were vered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was instrufted to Hate an Account of the Progrels that has read; and is as followeth; viz.

been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, a the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums Member present informed your Committee, That the now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Harbour of the City of Aberdeen has of late Years been Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the considerably repaired and improved, and the iricreasing same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction Trade and Commerce of the Place Hill requires the

Kerry Inclosure Bill, committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2i° die;

Anno 370 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1797;

Praters.

R. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to Aberdeen

M

whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, ution re '

and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, and also ported the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the

B'll to amend Aci refuting the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, pre-ienterd.

of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed td examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 17S2, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time, to the House, delivered in to the House, a Supplementary Appendix to the Report, whiJi, upon the 31st Day of March last, was made from the said Committee.

And the said Supplementary Appendix was read.

Ordered, That the said Supplementary Appendix do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Supplementary Appendix be printed.

The feid Supplementary Appendix is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and continue, for a Time to be limited, an A(51, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend,

" for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of " the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of M His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation " of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange,

" under a limited Sum, within, that Part of Great

Vol. 52.

feme should be further extended and improved, particularly by the making, erecting, and building, Wet and Dry Docks for the Accommodation and careening of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, and of additional Quays, Piers, Jetties, and other Works, neccHarily connected with those intended Improvements; that such Works would be of considerable Advantage both to the said City and to the Public in general; but the same cannot be accomplished unless the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, and their Successors, on Behalf of the Community, are enabled to purchase and acquire Right to certain Grounds, Tenements, Houses, and other Hereditaments, adjacent to the present Harbour, and not further dillant therefrom than Three hundred Yards at High Water Mark, which are necessary for the Execution of the aforesaid Works and Improvements proposed. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening others leadinogto and from the said Harbour: And that Mn Allardyce, Mr. Fergufon, and Sir David Carnegie, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinross, to Alloa, in the County of C/ackmanan, was committed.

Mr. Allardxce accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

which

Kinross and Clackmanan Road Bill, reported.

47 6

21° Jpritis.

A. 1797-

which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sunny Inclosure Bill,

committed.

Member added to bring in Codling Stubbs Inclosure Bill.

January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon t6 the House: Likewile to examine and Bate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outltanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now' be within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; toge-of Nottingham, was read a Second Time. ther with the Amount of the Ways arid Means that

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord have been provided to defray the same; and who were Rancliff'e, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet instructed to Bate an Account of the Progress that has this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since

the 5th of 17S6; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who w'ere also

Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of

Bill presented.

John Turtou, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cridlinginstructed to examine and consider what Regulations Stubbt, in the Weffi Riding of the County of York, and Checks have been applied in order to control the and Owner of Lands and Grounds, and also of several several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how Houses and Frontfleads, having Right of Common far the same have been effectual; and also, what upon the Commons and WaRe Lands within the said Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Manor. Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the

Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to and whether any and w hat farther Measures can be Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer- adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, tain Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries

Sir William Lowrher's Eihte Bill, read.

and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House, reported, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, in Trustees, inTruft, the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at

Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of York; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to convey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William convey-

ing other Estates to the Ufies of the settled Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

EirlofAfh- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fcc Exchange or effectuating an Exchange between the Right ho-$ili, read. nourable John Earl of and the Dean and

Chapter of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Rectory of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Ashburnham, both in the County of Sussex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Third Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Second Report from the NclfCt t om-m it tee on Fi-mn ce.

the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

The laid Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Billtoamcql cond Reading of the Bill to amend and continue, for ni heNe a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present gotiniion of Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend,

" for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Aels, of nutted.

" the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation " of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange,

" under a limited Sum, wfithin that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Houserefdvw the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning £,oa "rat0 next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en- Expiring

~ Laws Com-

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee of Secrecy,

That the Committee had further examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th o f January 1797; distin- quire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to mru,e ip. guishing what Part thereof had ariftn since the 5th of report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the -pointed.

IJoufe,

trish Annuities Bill, paised.

Wellingborough and Northampton Road Bill, reported.

Supply, de-ierred.

Kent Election Petition, deferred.

Canterbury Ele ion Petitions, deferred.

37 Geo. III.

477

House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Abbot, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine oT the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was read the Third Time *

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company or the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morten s Corner, in the Town of l/Jlingborouguy in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abragton Street, in the Town of Northampton, was commuted.

Mr. Perceval accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: \Y here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itildf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

Makliy;

Refjivcdy That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

o 3

deration upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Petition of John Callaway, John MinteKy Edward Hambrooky Richard Hambrooky Richard Dixon, JeJje White, Thomas Salmon, William Mathers,

James Robert Jon, Robert Hayes Leggett, George Calmer,

James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Pittman RoitJ'e, George Kirkby, George Kirk by] unior, Daniel Tom!ingy Thomas Berford, William Bounds, John Sou thee, Richard Elzvytty Edward Goldjinchy James Elwyn, Charles Friend,

Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas White, Thomas Richardson,

Edward Homersham, James Hornetsham, Robert Fea, John Cheaveky John Halbety John Mar ruble, Henry Kirk by, John Pringuer, and William Thornton, in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury., and County of the same City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cori-sideration upon Friday next, the 28th Day of this Instant April, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Maidstone the 6th Day of March last, for taking into Considera- Peri

rni & r i i tion, deferred

tion upon Thursday next, at lliree or the Clock in the Afternoon, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Electors for the Borough of Maidstone> in the County of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, the 28th Day of this Instant April, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read $

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fened/ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 30th Dvy of March last, for taking into Confidtration, upon Tuesday next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tempered their Votes for, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, the 28th Day of this Instant April, £t Three of the Clock in the Afternoon *

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, witlpOrders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day of March last, for taking into Confi-

Yol. 52.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncs, 2 40 die

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

M

R. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Answer of received from Admiral Sir 'Jervis, Knight rJ°J1en rv‘ of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, the fol- Thanks, lowing Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signiried to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 3d Day of March last:

Sir,

To have merited the Approbation of th<5 House of Commons of Great Britain, twice in the same War, fells to the Lot of few Men, who hold high Commands in

6 F His

Member added to bring in Stoke Man-deville Inclo-i'ure Bill.

Bill preicnted.

Petition of Panfhioners of Saint Pan eras again It the Hill for equa-li/intr the County Rate for Middlesex *

Royal Assent to Bids.

478 24s Apr ills. A. 1797.

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Koval Ah lent to the several Public and 'Private Bills therein mentioned; and alto empowering His Royal Highncis the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highncis the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, so declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of and the Earl of Liverpool, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers:

An Act for building a new Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Dameret, in the County of

Devon:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, light- Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to " ing, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and " removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstruc-Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- " tions, and Annoyances therein," and for continuing monable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Manclevil/e, the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted: in the County of Buckingham: And the same was re- An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in ceived; and read the Fir it Time. Repair, the Road from West unto and through

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Town of The Devizes, to the House known by the

Name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of A Petition of the Reverend the Vicar, Church- Wilts, and from Rowde Ford, through The Devizes wardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish of SaintPancras, tylarket Place, to join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road in the County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, was near Wanfdyke, and from the East End of The Devizes presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of aforesaid to the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for County of Wilts:

the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead-Selfionsof the Peace, to make a fair and equal County ing from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Rate for the said County; and Setting forth, That the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place, in the Petitioners will be materially affected and injured in Parish of called Fou/mcad Field, and for mak-

their respective Properties should the same be carried ing a new Road through Parc of the said Field, and into a Law, they having purchased their Etlates, and Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field

expended considerable Sums of Money in the Improve- called Word Field, to, or near to, a Messuage or Farm ment of those Estates by modern Buildings, upon the House, called Upton , in the Parish of Worth, Faith, and in Confidence, of the present exilling Laws; otherwise Word, and for repairing and widening the and that the Reason which applies to the County Rate Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sand-mo.)7 be also applied to the Land Tax throughout the:

Kingdom, and very materially affect the Landed In- An Act to continue the Term, and alter and en-terdt of Great Britain: The Petitioners therefore ob- large the Powers, of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of jest to the Principle of this Bill, as a dangerous Inno- His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually re-vation; and pray that they may be heard, by them- pairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to lelves, Agents, or Count'd, against the said Bill, if and and other Roads therein

they think fit and proper. mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lane aft er:

' An Act for amending, altering, widening, improv-

A Mefl'age by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Black Rod: Turnpike Road at Hu/mes Chapel, in the County Pa-

Mr. Speaker, latine of Chester, leading from Chapel to

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's ford, to the South Bridge in in the said

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several County, near to Che/ford Chapel:

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the im- An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the to the House ot Peers. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

And being returned; , from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire o to Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for amending Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near

His Majesty's Fleets, and I beg you will allure the House, how highly I prize the great Honour I have received; and that I will not fail to convey to the Admirals, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and" Soldiers, under my Command, the very honourable Teth-mony the House has been pleased to express of their Skill, Bravery, and Discipline, in the fuccelsful Action with the Fleet of Spain, on the 14th of February last.

Permit me to make my bell Acknowledgments to you, Sir, for the very obliging Terms in which you have made this Communication; and I have the Honour to be, with great Respect,

Sir,

Y'our moll obedient Pillory, in the humble Servant,

Tagus, 22(1 March, 1797. J. Jervis.

To the Right honourable

Henry Addington, Speaker.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Stoke Mandevil/e,in the County of Buckingham,

whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

J V

ii of

- lb

\:ti.

or of

‘ ini

We .1 ,-

'; Oi

-j in

,n >

B;'i

f to

37 Geo. III.

240 Jpritis.

47 9

near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Prefton, to Barham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in Open and Common Fields, Failures, Commons, and the Parish of Chilham, in the said County: Waste Grounds, within the Farilli of &;/;// Mary, ;:i

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford: of Hitcham, in the County of Backs, to exchange Part An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands in the same Grounds, Commons, anil Waste Lands, within the Parish, belonging to the Right honourable William Parishes of Uyyshall, Frofienden, and South Cove, in the Wyndham Lord Grenville: Count}'' of Suffolk:

An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, vFen

to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the Third of Charles the First, for entailing the CaftJe and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Eifates in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manorsentailed by the Act of Parliament, of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes,

2:lib entailed by the said Act;:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Tov/nships of SuzAcy and Winkfey, in the Parish of E/ pu, in the County of 2'ork:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Sot ter ley, Henjfead with liulverfrreet, and Wrentham, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Harzvood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right ho-

o o

noirrable Charles Sloane Cadoyan, Lord Cadoyan, with Mary Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Open an 1 Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winy, in the Counry of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, ahetting/and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Ha/ton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Ha den, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or

o o

Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etwall, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands, within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewton MenJip, in the County of Smnerfet:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Reverend the Counsel or-Vicar, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish t1tion of P of Saint Pancras, in the County of Midd/efex, in Vestry Parishioners of assembled, do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace, for the County dkicx County of Midd/efex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of Kutc the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ver

Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrxberyh, in the West Riding of the County of York:

Mr. Brodrick reported from thfe Committee, to whom Whitchurch the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe~ sported! veral Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Wrafte Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and which they had directed him to report to the Ifoufe;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Inne, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tkcrnborouyh, in the County of

Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Allcannings and Allinyton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Who! e Year Lana's, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and of her Commonable and Waste Lands,

The House That the Petition of the several whose Names are thereto subscribed,

on Behalf of and others, being Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of within the Parish of Sahara Toney, in the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the

Petition to amend Walk ington Inclosure Ad, referred to a Committee.

Norfc/lc

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common able Lunds

Rowjftam, in the County of Buckingham:

VOL. jZ.

within the Parish of

24 th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said P be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Kniptdn In ciolure Bill, committed.

From? Roads

and Streets Bill, committed.

Aberdeen Harbour Bill, prcicnted.

Kinross and Chckmanan Road Bill, pall'ed.

Diddington Inclosure Bill, passed.

480

24° Aprilis.

A. 1797,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Henry Lnf-

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knipton, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome,in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dic-kinson Senior, Mr. Gore Lav.gton &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Pallages, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for making and repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinross, to Alloa, in the County of Clackmanan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kto Alloa, in the County of Clackmanan.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Diddington,otherwise in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. h 25. To leave out from " the " to " and " in 1. 26, and insert " First Day of " January One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-five."

Pr. 30. I. 13. T o leave out " Lands and Grounds," and insert " Open Common " Fields, Common Meadows, and " Common Pastures."

Pr. 59. 1. i3< To leave out from "only" to " in" in L 15.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question , severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, lags, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Diddington, otherwise Dodingtoit, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Southocin. Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, clol"re Bill, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Com- e' monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Southoe, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Lord Frederick /Montagu, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamben

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Committee on take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, yninclosed, empower«itd and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable £?°rt0pi' Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House have also Power to report their Opinion thereon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Alderman Andersonpresented to the House, London shall according to Order, a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled *

" An Act for the Recovery of Small Debts, and for " the relieving of Poor Debtors in London," and an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois de was read a ted.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act " '1 for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and his committed. Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal Lands lituate in the several Parishes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time. (

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Lygon, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from Reading of near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Edentieldind Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of ®|jj onR"d> Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton in le Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Town-fh ip of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be read a Second Time upon kVednesday Fortnight, the 10th Day of May next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Soilleux'slto.

for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph was read a jetted"1 *

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

m

'OUnty

37 Geo. III.

240 dprilis.

48 r

' do wee.

caq-

'& t:e

en Ch'

BUI for preventing De-lertion of Seamen, deferred.

Jhnil of

0 Lori

% k- \

- ri?

ir.rdfo ( . Hu.r: Ar;} 0.: . Cor rmttee on Bill to amend Act reipec-tins the Negotiation of froraiilbry Notes.

ira

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confderation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and IHands in the West Indies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York,so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield', with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for taking into Consideration upon Friday next, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Electors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House C°XY of c°mP ining Lof an, u"due ?IeAion

_ _ . r I f/M f n a loin Knr unrn irvh f

Maidstone

Ejection

Petition,

deferred.

1, M

u

KL.'fJ,

sal

fi-

5 1.: k;

torelolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited " Time, the Operation of Two Acfts, of the Fifteenth " and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promislory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itfelfinto the said Committee;

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Crewe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, That they

and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 9th Day of May next/at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again fentto the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Canterbury Friday last, for taking into Consideration upon Friday Elefl,on next, at a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Petition of Callaway,

John Minter, Edward Hambrook, Richard Hambrook,

Richard Dixon, Jeffie White, Thomas Salmon, William

Petition,

deferred.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Mathers, James Robertson, Robert Hayes Leggett, George

reported.

1::

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Crewe accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingr oiled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Lords haveagreed to

Peniftoneand Sheffield Road Bill, with Amendments.

Tweed Fi/he-. ries Bill, with Amendments.

Wakefield and

Sheffield Roads Bill, with Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AdI for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York,lo far as the same relate to the Road from

Penijloue to Sheffield; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two certain A els of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement

of the Fisheries in the lliver and the Rivers

and Streams running into the fame, and within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River; lonie Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence ol this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A eft for enlarging the Term and Powers of JThree several Acts of Parliament,

Year of the Reign of his Vol. 52.

Calmer, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Pittman Ruufe, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Tom/ing, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, John Southee,

Richard Elwyn, Edward Goldfinch, James Charles

' Friend, Thomas Henry Hudson, Thomas White, Thomas Richardson, Edward Homersham, James Homersham, Robert Fea, John Cheavele, John Halbel, John,

Henry Kirkby, John Pringuer, and William in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Elecftors of Members to lerve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful EJecftors of the City of and County of the same City, severally complaining of an undue Elecftion and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2d Day of May next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent, to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPPT to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the FirltReport which was made from the Seledt Committee appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they Rood on the 5th of January 1797;

Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1797;

And likewifeof the Amount of the Produce, for each

of the Four Years preceding the 5th' of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the

Papers referred.

First Report from the Sole ft: Committee on Fi-

5th of January 179J; and of the Produce of the several passed in the Thirty-first Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of late Majesty, and in the the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report

6 G their

482

240 — 25° dprilis.

A. 1797.

Petition from the Board of Agriculture.

African Company's Petition.

Importation of Levant, &c. Goods to be considered.

Shipping and Navigation A<Sts to be considered.

their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797 and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were instrufted to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, lince the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the Laid Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker Tefumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Smyth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

'Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase " and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which ante within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East , was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill to regu late the Trial of Cause , &<\ deferred.

Committee respecting the Importation of Cambricks, &c. deferred. Committee on Report of East India Company's Petition, deferred.

Way and

Means, deferred.

Martis, 250 die A;

Anno 37° Georgii III. U Regis, 1797.

Praters.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain cridling

Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Stubbs inclo-Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the netted. 'C°a' County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are , to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of shelfiddRoad an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year BiIl, greedto, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Penifione to Sheffield.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

& 2 } L av® out " of Parliament."

In the Title of the Bill:

.1. 2. Leave out " of Parliament."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- £ lda}l4 tuled. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Sheffield,

Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ttedt0-First and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. Leave out " of Parliament."

In the Title of the Bill:

1. 2. Leave out " of Parliament."

The

-iCtBTwb

e —

3 7 Geo. III.

25° Ap

483

Ml)

u

I-

Chrirt Church Poor Bill, committed.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Pa-Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- rilhes respectively: And also,

upon, agreed to by the House. A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the the Poor of the Parishes of Harrow 3nd Greenford, in Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the County of Midd/efex, on Behalf of themselves and to the Amendments made by their Lordships. the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, the Poor of the Parish of Hendon, in the County of passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Midd/efex, on Behalf of themselves and the other In- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act habitants of the said Parish: And allo,

" more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex,the Poor of the Parishes of Kingsbury and , in

" to purchase, hire, or ered, a Workhouse, for the em- the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and " ploying and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively:

" and for the more effectual Support and Employment And also,

" of the Poor therein," and also an Act, passed in the A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Poor of the Parishes of Northett, Drayton, Hillingdon, amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for en- and Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of

larging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better ededuating other Regulations relative thereto, was read a Second Time.

themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Mary Stratford, Bow,

waring, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petitions in Favour of Bill for equalizing

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main- and Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of Middlesex,

"on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes: And alto,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Staines, Bedfont,

Felt ham, Ashford, Littleton, and in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively: And alto,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Tottenham and Stoke Newington, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke Old Street, and the County the Liberty of Glass House ,in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish and Liberty: And alto,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other respectively: And also.

Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Paul Shadwell and Saint Ann Limehouse, and of the Hamlets of Poplar and Black wall and Ratcliffe, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Hamlets: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Isleworth and Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively; And alto,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Chiswick, Teddington, Ken-sington, Fulham, and Hammersmith, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex,on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the united Pa- Petitions from rilhes of Cranley, fVonerfh, and Alfoldin the County of Surrey: And also, &c.aga/nftthe

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the united Pa- Foor BiU-rilhes of Bramley, Chiddingfold, Dunsfold, Hambledon,

the Poor of the Parishes of Ealing and Old Brentford, __

in the County of Midd/efex, on Behalf of themselves Hafcomb, Haslemere, Eljled, Saint Martha, and Shalford, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respec- in the County of Surrey;

lively: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Edgeware, Little Stan-more, Great Stanmore, and the Hamlet of Pinner, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Hamlet: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Finchley, Fryan Barnett, Hornsey, and Mimms, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively: And alto,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of HarefiRuflip, and Hayes,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law; or that, if the same should pass into a Law, the said Parishes may not be included in, or aifeded by, any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions made, or to be made, in and by the said Bill, but may, by express Words, be exempted therefrom. '

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Act-in the County of Middlesex,on Behalf of themselves for effectuating an Exchange between the Right - j ExSangc and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes relpec- nourable John Earl of and the Dean and Bili, com-

tive/y: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Hanwell, Norwood, and Greenford, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of

VOL. Cl.

Chapter of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Redoiy of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of - burnham, both in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Whitchurch Inclosure Bill, parted.

Mcllington Inclol'ure Bill, paised.

M iflellYEfhte Bill, reported, and paired.

484 250 Aprilis. A. 1797.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Hajfell, Esquire, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay Mr. Sloane,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses

therein mentioned, was committed; That the Com-An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and doling, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Common- cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-able Places, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit-County of Southampton, was read the Third Time. tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the at the Clerk's Table.

several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common And the said BUI was read the Third Time.

Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, Resolved, That the Bill do pass. within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Southampton, except the Commonable Lands lying Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed within the Borough of Whitchurch, and except the to the fame, without any Amendment.

Common Arable Field called The Burgage Field.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick do carry the Bill to Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne have Leave Leave of Ab.

the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on urgent fence-

private Business.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ordered, That Sir James Hamlyn have Leave to go and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common into the Country for a Month, on urgent private Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, Business. in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick,within the Parish of Cropredy,in the said County of Oxford, was read The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Account.,

the Third Time. Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; preknttd‘

The Amendments following were severally proposed and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to to be made to the Bill; viz. ' their Order,

Pr. 1. 1. 23. To leave out " Robert Bernard" and An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, Incomeand inlert " Samuel Goodenough, Doctor the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th ConfoTuiattd " in Divinity." Day of July 1796: And also, Fund.

The said Amendments were, upon the Que'ftion fe- An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 10th the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. of October 1796; And ailo,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- January 1797: And also,

dows, a,nd Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, in An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Counties of Oxford and Warwick,within the Parish the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford. Day of 1797: And also.

Ordered, That Sir George Augufus William Shuckburgh An Account of the Sum granted out of the Confo- Sun>jrantfd Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their lidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796, and AiteUFmii Concurrence. the Produce to satisfy the fame.

And then he withdrew.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

for vesting in Trustees the settled Estates of George

To

na

o

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of>// 17 96.

INCOM E.

Consolidated Duties of Customs ——

Ditto ----- -- Excise ——

Ditto - - Stamps ——

Ditto ----- -- Salt - -....

Ditto ----- -- Letter Money-....

Seizures, since 25th October 1760....

Profers ——

Compofuions - -

Bent of a Light House -

Deduction of 6 d. per Lib. on Pensions, since 2fth June 1721 -Ditto - --1/. - -- -on Salaries, &c. since 5 tii April 1758 Duty on Houses and Windows, since 10th October 1766 - -

Inhabited Houses, since 5th July 1779 ——

Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, since 23d June 17to -

Ditto - Hackney Coaches and Chairs, since ift August 1711 -Ditto - Male Servants, since 5th July 1785 ——

Ditto - Horses, since 29th September 1784.;

Ditto - Four-Wheel Carriages, since 5th July 1785 -

Ditto - Two-Wheel Carriages, - - - Ditto -

n Ditto - British Spirits, since 5th January 1791 - -

p Ditto - Foreign Spirits, since — Ditto - -

Ditto - Licences to kill Game ——

Ditto - Sugar ——

Ditto Bills and Receipts ——

Surplus of Ditto - -- --....

riC 10 per Cent, on Assefled Taxes ——

Jfiaty on British Spirits, since 21st February 1754 - -

Ditto - Foreign Spirits, since - - Ditto ——

|&tto - Attornies Aiticles, since 5th February 1794 -

Carried ever - - - £.

o

o o

00,

CT

£ ' 544,626 4

1,768,568 2

285,120 — 88,665 14 125,000 — 2,563 12 58 3 7

i i6

6 15

9.000 —

7744 4 124,160 2

52,642 8

1,855 —

5.000 —

38, 2219 52,46+ 6

61,65 5

19.961 15

3,202 ---

31,470 ~

985 —

!3,000 -- <

32,150 — 8,826 — . 33 347 7

31091 — .

33.473 — 4,162 —

d. !

3i

9 3

2t

Si

61

Si:

3 351 >7 44 9

C 'll

R

E.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities, 2-7ths Excise, for Two and Three Lives; for Three Months, . due 5th July 1796

- - - ,£.3 700 per Week Excise, with the Salaries to the OiHcers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; for Three Months, due Ditto - -

- - - Anno 1706 ----- with Ditto ----- -- .- - - - for Ditto ——

- - - - - 1707 ----- with Ditto - -- -- -I. ----- -- - - for Ditto ——

- - - per id Ad - - - 1708, wi:h Ditto - -..... ----- - -- - for Ditto ——

- - - - 2d Ad - - - . 1703, with Ditto. ----- - - - for Ditto ——

- - - on Lives, Anno - - - 1745 - ----- - - for Six Months, - - due Ditto - -

----- ---- -- 1746 - - .- -- .- -- -.---.---- for Ditto - - - — due Ditto - -

----- ----- - 1757 - - for Ditto ——

.....lyyS - - -- --..... - -- for Ditto ——

1779

for Dirto

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on j£. 24,065,084. 13. n|. their present Capital; for Three Months, due 5th July 1796....

Annuity and Management on JT. 1,919,600; for Haifa Year, due Ditto; after abating £. 136. 13. 9. being the Half of £ 27° 7-6 being after the Rate of £, 562. 10. per Million, on the Principal bum of £. 486,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Duot before 5th January 1796

BANK" OF ENGLAND.

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. on the Principal Sum of jf. 124,649,696. 5. 1 for Six Months; due 5th July 1796 - -- -- - 1 869,745 For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time, after abating the Sum of £ 2,044. 2. 6. for the Half of j£. 4,088. 5. being after the Rate of JT. 450 per Million, on the Principal Sum of £, 9,085,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the deduction of the National Debt before 5th January 1796 ——

8

d.

io£

26,002 1 if

For satisfying and paying Half a Year's Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. on £. 18,000,000, added to the above Capita! by Act 35 Geo. III. -For satisfying and paying Haifa Year's Annuity at / . 3 per Cent, per Ann. due Ditto; to such of the Contriburors for railing jT, j. d.

18,000,000, who on or before the 2d January 1796 completed their whole Payments on 2,625,800, Tart of£, 21,6co,oco, granted and directed by Ad 36 Geo. III. 10 be added to the above Capital ----- ----- ..... 39,387 — —

For answering and paying Cne Year's Interest, at j[, 5 per Cent, per Ann. due Ditto; to such of the Contributors for raihng j£. i8,coo,cco, pursuant to the said Act, who did not complete their whole Payments on or before the said 2d January 179b, but completed the same on or before the 2d July 1796, on the Principal Sum o f £. 7,036,600 ----- - N---- 2! 1,098 — —

1.895,747 i° —

270,00 o — — »

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. due Ditto; t the Crntributors for railing £ 7 500,000, who 00 or before the 2d July 1796, made good their whole Payments on/. 4,424,000, Fart of /.o,coo,cco, granted ai.d directed by one other Act 36 Geo. 111. to be added to the above Capital - - - 2 . -

250,485 ——

6,636 ——

£ ' d.

2,048 iS *

7-957 >i 8

6,1 Si 2 io\

2,038 — 6k

1.229 13 if

2,649 6 3}

6,159 2 6 1

5

12.283 1 6 I

1,584 16 6 1

2,587 9 /3r I

s3>9?3 13 si 29,197 4 —

2,422,868 10 —

- £. [ 2,691,8/2 5 9 i

(JTl

O

GO

Ox

Carried over

37 Geo. III.

INCOME, ccilinutJ.

Brought over - -

Disy on Ericks and Tiles (Excite), since 28th March 1794 Ditto - Ditto ----- (Cu/loms), since Ditto - -

Ditto - Glals - -y -

Ditto - Slates and Stoues, since 9th May 1794 -

Ditto - Paper (Excise), since 5th April 1794 -

Surplus of Ditto ——

Duty on Paper (Cadoms), since Ditto -

Difiillers Licences, - - since Ditto - -

Surplus of Ditto -....

Duty on British Spirits, fioce 23d February 1795 - -Ditto - Foreign Ditto, since - - Ditto - -

Ditto Coffee and Cocoa, since 16th March 1795 - -

Ditto - Tea - . ----- ----- -- - Ditto -

Ditto - Fruit, Silk, &c. since 5th April 1795 - -

Ditto - Hair Powder Certificates, since 5th May 1795 Ditto - Coals, since 5th July 1795 ——

Ditto - Wines, since 23d February 1795 -

Ditto - Sweets, since — Ditto....

Ditto - Ship Policies, - - Ditto ——

Ditto - Receipts, ----- Ditto ——

(□Ditto - Stamps, - - - - Ditto....

CQ

izrDitto - Tobicco, Snuff, &c. Ditto ——

N

Q_Ditto - Horse Dealers Licences, Ditto -

cr

Ditto - Salt

Dit!

0

1

I:

1

3 351 74+ 9

1,516 -

19 6 3

9 733 -

5,142 13 6}

J8,75° ——

19,289 ——

1,129 6 5

9,000 -- —

3,000 -

3,188 ——

33,891 ——

2,661 — —

54,386 ——

8,006 3 11 0

78,802 — — c 0 0

U

104 8 10 O " rt £ c

4 746 — a 'S

-a *

3,364 — u . 0 S -5

28,281 — — Q- CO J8 0 ( P

O

1 »5 54 S £

12,622 — — u u c V w. a

- £

39,093 i!

1 1 N LO

8,000 — — '3 c G <

C H A R G E, continued.

BANK. OF ENGLAND, continued.

Annuity at 5 per Cent, per Ann. by Acts 24, 25, 34 et 35 Geo. Ilf. on the Principal Sum of £. 21,406,416. 19. 4. fer Six Months; due 5th July 1796..... - - - - , -

For the Charges of Management of the said Annuity for the same Time -..... ——

For answering and paying all and every the Annuities, as dated in the Act 36 Geo. III. after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent, per Ann. on the Principal Sum of £..4,176,663. 4. 2. being the Amount to which the Proprietors of Navy Bills, &c. are entitled, who delivered their Bills to be cancelled on or before the lit July 1796; for Six Months; due Ditto - - - - '....

Brought over - -

C d.

535,160 8 5x

' 4,816 8 io|

539.97617 4

104,416 11 7 i

Annuity and Management on £ % i,oooo,oco, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. for Six Months; due 5th July 1796

On their Capital of £. 3,200,000, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. for Three Months; - - due Ditto..... ——

----- - £. 500,000, at £, 3 per Cent, per Ann. for Three Months; - - due Ditto ——

----- - £. 1,250,000, at Ditto - - - for Ditto.....due Ditto ——

.....£. 1,750,000, at Ditto.....for Ditto - - - - due Ditto - -- --....

----- - £. 986,800, at Ditto - - - for Ditto ----- due Ditto -

- - - - £. 4,000,000, at Ditto, purchased for the South Sea Company for Ditto; due Ditto ....

Annuities granted by the Acts of the and 5 of King William and Queen Mary (commonly called 14 per Cents.) which ceased on 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt - -

Annuities for 96 Years, by Acts 5th and 6th of the same Reign, which ceased on the said 5th February 1792, to be placed to the Account of the

fa id Commissioners - ....

d 12,128 15 7f

1 591 8 —

On the Capital Stock of £- 6,250,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created in respect of £. 4,500,000, borrowed by Act 33 Geo. III. for Three Months; due 5th July 1796 - -

On Ditto ----- £. n,coo,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 34 Geo. III.; for the same Time On Ditto - - - £ 2,750,000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the above Act; for the same Time - -- -- -On the Sum of £. 9,680 per Ann. being /. 1 per Cent, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Cent, on the afore-mentioned £ % 11,000,000, granted for 66 Years and Three Months, by the lait-mentioned Act, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at

the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann.; for the same Time - ----- --..... ——

On the Capital Stock of £ 1 926,525. 12. 5. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 34 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled; for the same Time -On the Capital Stock of 6,000,000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, created by Act 35 Geo. III.; for the same Time - -

On the Capital Stock of £ 18,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by the above Act; for the same Time -

On the Sum of £. 12,835 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 9/. 6 d. per Cent, on the afore-mentioned 18,coo,000, granted for 65 Years and Three Months, by the said Act 35 Geo. III. at the End 0145 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann.; for the same Time . - -

On the Capital Stock of £ 1,609,897. 17. 1. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by Act 35 Geo. 111. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled; for the same Time ——

On the Capital Stock of 21,600,000, 3 per Cent. Annuities, created in respect of £. 18,000,coo, borrowed by Act 36 Geo. ILL; for the fame Time ..... ....

On the Capital Stock of £ 4,500,000, £ 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities created by the said Act in respect of the said £. 18,000,000; for the same Time ——

Cn the Sum of £. 8,460 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6 s. 6d\ per Cent, on the said £. 18,000,000, granted for 64 Years by the said Act, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of £ 3 per Cent, per Ann.;

for the same Time . -.....-

£- ' d

15,625

27.500

6,875

2,420 — —

4,816

15.000

45.000

6 3

3,20815 — 4,02414 i0i 54,000 — —

1,5150 — —

2.H5 — —

2,691,812 5 9$

644,393 8 nj

,5.225 ——

25,000 — - — 3,750 ——

9 375 ——

3 5 ——

7,40, ——

30,474 10 io|

»3 7»o 3 7\

»9 >834 6 J|

4

CO

on

'L6Ll 'fir 'Stjudy

Additional £. 1© per Cent, on Assessed Taxes ——

Sompositions paid by the Bank of England in lieu of the Stamp Duty on Notes and Bills issued by them ——

£- ' d.

Arrears of the Duty on Houses and Windows 1747 2 8 —

Ditto.....1758 — 13 3

Ditto.....Waggons - - - 1785 6 — 10

Ditto ----- Carts - - - - 1785 24 — 9 Ditto - - - - Female Servants - 1785 176

£. . % d.

Arrears of 35th 4 s. Aid Duty 1763 - - - 1211

- 54th 4s. Aid - - 1790 - - 10 10 —

- - - 55th 4s. Aid- - 1791 - 1,024 11 3

- - 56th 4 s. Aid - - 1792 - - - 262 15 4!

- - - 57th 4s- Aid - - 793 - - - 1 518 — 3

Imprest Money re-paid by Samuel Drewry, j. d.

Esq; Commissary at L'lfle Dieu - - - i,coo — —

Money paid by Edward Roberts, Esq; arif.n from the Residue of Fees at the Exchequer - - - - 60,000 — —

----- the East India Company, for

Sale of Dutch Prizes - 250,000 — —

----- the Commissioners for Ditto 50,000 — —

- - brought to this Account,being the Sum

referred in the Exchequer on the 5th April 1796, for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Annuities for the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. III. ----- 12,199 l3

To the Judges of England and Wales on their fevetal additional Allowances . for Three Months; due 5th July 1796

To Ann Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences for Ditto; due Ditto -

To Edward Roberts, Esq; First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £. 650. per Ann. formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for Salaries to the

Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, and now payable to him per Act 23 Geo. ILI. For the Support of His Majesty's Household ——

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, on his Annuity of £. 65,000 His Royal Highness the Duke of York, on his Annuity of £. 14,000 Her Royal Highness the Dutchess of York, on her Annuity of £. 4,000 His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester on Ditto - - £. 9,000

Ditto - - on Ditto - - £. 8,000

His Royal Highness the'Duke of Clarence, on Ditto - - £ 12,000 The Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq; on Ditto - - £. 3,000

The Earl of Chatham - ----- on Ditto - £. 4,000

Lord Rodney -.....on Ditto - - £. 2,000

Lord Heathfield - -- -- on Ditto - - £ % 1,500

The Earl of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest, on Ditto, £. 7,000 Philip Deare, Esq; - - - - on Ditto, £. 300 -

John Wigglesworth, Esq; - on Ditto,/;. 300 .

Charles Harris, Esq;..... - on Ditto, £. 200 -

for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

- for Ditto; due Ditto

3,262 to —

162 10 —

224,500 ——

16,250 — —

3,500 ——

1,000 — - —

2,250 ——

2,000 — - —

OOOO ---- —

750 ——

1 000 — - — 500 — —

375 ——

a

w

o

Sir William Musgrave, late one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on his Annuity of £, 1,000, for Ditto; due Ditto

John Thomas Batt, Esq; another William Chamberlayne, Esq; another Sir John Dick, Bart, another John Martin Leake, Esq; another Lady Dorchester -John Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis

on Ditto - - £. 1,000, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. 1,000, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. 500, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. 5co, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. i,coo, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. 3,000, for Ditto; due Ditto

on Ditto - - £. i,oco, for Ditto; due Ditto-

Richard Penn, Esq; of Queen Anne Street ——

Fot Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing Public Accounts - - for Ditto; due Ditto

To Sir George Yonge, Bart . Matter of His Majesty's Mint in England - for Ditto; due Ditto-

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland, for One Year, ended 10th May 1796 - -

To John Reeves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices established pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. intituled, An Act for the more effectual Adminiffralion of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlefcs and Suttev, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," to enable him to dii'charge the Salaries to the Clerks, Jul\iccs, and incidental Expences attendant on tire Laid Offices -

Total CHARGE on the Confciidated Fund, for the Quarter ending 5th July 1796 -

SURPLUS of - - - - Ditto - -- - Ditto -

1,750 — — 1

75 1 75 1 50 1 K>

250 — — 1 Cn

250 1 0

2$0 1 125 I

125 I

250 — I

750 1

250 — I 1,500 I 3,450 I 6>3J5 >5 — 1

2,800 — — 1

3,922,952 — 4i

211,384 7

4»l 34»$36 1 iH

Mimorandum — The above Sum of £. 211,384. x. 7. was applied by the Commissioners appointed by Parliament for reducing the National Debt, in Part of £. 250,000 for the Quarter ended 5th July 1796.

O

(Q

r- r

N

CD

CL

cr

Exchequer, the 25th Day of April 1797.

James l< i/i:e)\

4

00

-4

O

o

o

00.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the ioth of October 1796.

INCOME.

Consolidated Dudes of Customs

Ditto.....Excise -.....- - - "

Ditto - - - - Stamps ."

Ditto - - - Salt ——

Ditto ----- Letter Money ——

Seizures, since 25 th October 1760 ——

Profers, - - - Ditto ——

Compositions, . Ditto ——

Deduction of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, since 24th June 1721 -

Ditto - - ix. - . - on Salaries and Pensions, since 5 th

April 1758 -

Duty on Houses and Windows, since ioth October 1766 - -

Ditto - Inhabited Houses, since 5th July 1779 -

Rent of Allum Mines, since 25th October 1760 - -

c+Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, since 23d July 1710 -

CD V

Ditto - Hackney Coaches and Chairs, since ift August 1711

&itto - Male Servants, since 5th July 1785 -Ditto - Horses, since 29th September 1784-

Q

£. ' J-

878,843 t 10

1,807,041 3

366,318 7 6

89,383 17 8

130,000 — — 506 9 —

13 9 —

— 3 4

9, cco —

7,oco ——

53.49s 19 ii 28,316 7 81

48O — —

755 ——

8,900 — —

15 30 6 3-1

l9 55 19 —

H

R

E

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities, 2«7ths for Two and Three Lives; - - - -- -- -- due 1 xth October 1796

- - £-3 700 per Week, with Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; due Ditto - -

- - Anno 1706 - - - - with Ditto - -.....- - - - - due Ditto -

- - - - 1707 ----- with Ditto - -- -- -- due Ditto - -

- - Per ill Ad - - - 1708, with Ditto - -- -- -- due Ditto - - - - *

- - - 2d Ad - - - 1708, with Ditto - -- -- -- due Ditto- - -

- - On Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, for Six Months - - -- - due Ditto -

.....In dafTes, by Ad 29 Geo. III. - -- --.....- due Ditto - -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on £.24,065,084. 13. nf. their present Capital; for Three Months; due ioth October 1796 -

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuity at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. by Ad 36 Geo. III. for One Year, ended 5th July 1796, to such Contributors forraifing £.18,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1796, who did not make good their whole Payments on or before 2d January or 2d July 1796, but made good the same on 01 before the 7th Oc- _£ «

tober 1796, on the Principal Sum of £. 5,601,000 £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities -

Annuity at Ditto, by one other Act 36 Geo. III. for Six Months, ended 5th July 1796, to such Contributors for raising £.7.500,000 for the Service of the Year 1796, who did not make good their whole Payments 01 or before 2d July 1796, but made good the same on or before 7th October 1796, the Principal Sum of £. 3,521,400 £,3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities ....

Annuity at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal S'Jm of £. 35,500,000; for Six Months, ended ioth October 1796 -

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities; for the same Time; after abating £.114. i x. 6,/. being the Half of £. 228. 3 j. in respect of £.507,000 purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt before 5°th April 1796 -

168,030 — — 52,821 ——

£. /. d.

710,000 — — »

7,873 8 6

Annuity at £.4 per Cent, per Annum on £.6,000,000 added to the above Capital by Ad 35 Geo. III.; for the same Time -For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the fa'.d Annuities on £.2,700 per Ann. for Two Years, ended loth October 1796....

L d.

120,000 — —

5,400 — —

717 873 8 6

125.420 — —

£ /. d.

2,048 18 —

7.957 11 8

6,l8l 2

2 38 —

1,229 13

2,649 6 3!

270 — — 21,431 — 6

1 s3>993 >3 5l

220,851 — -

8.13,273 8 6

OO

00

250 jdprtts. .1797.

itto - Four-Wheel Carriages, since 5th July 1785 - -

itto - Two-Wheel Carriages, - - - Ditto - -

itto - Sugar, lince nth April 179 c ——

itto - British Spirits, since jth January 1791 -

itto - Foreign Spirits, since Ditto ——

>itto - Bills of Exchange and Receipts, since ift August 1791

>itto - Game Duty, - - - since Ditto -

)itto £. 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes, since 5th April 1791

urplus of Bills of Exchange and Receipts, since ift August

79 - - - " ....

Duty on British Spirits, since 21st February 1794 - -

Ditto - Foreign Ditto, since Ditto ——

Ditto - Attornies Articles, since 5th February 1794 -

Ditto - Bricks and Tiles (Customs) since 28th March 1794 -Ditto - Ditto - - - (Excise) since Ditto -

Ditto - Slates, Stones, &c. since 9th May 1794 -

Ditto - Paper (Customs) since 5th April 1794 - -

Ditto - Ditto (Excise) since Ditto ——

Ditto - Glass, since 17th April 1794 ——

Ditto - Distillers Licences, since Ditto ——

Ditto - British Spirits, since 23d February 1795 - -

Ditto Foreign Ditto, since Ditto.

Cl

Ditto Cocoa and Coffee, since 16th March 1795 - -

Carried over

0

4

rT

31,328 8 6.

2,770 5 lO

81,310 7 5:

1,623 — —

3S>725 — —

32.130 — —

,272 1 4

15,708 4 S

28,461 3 9

M43 # — — -

37.623 — —

5,380 2 9

126 8 11

24,193 — —

8,453 17 1

1,470 11 3

18,750 — —

11,962 — —

1,000

»542 —

37.889

>3°3

3.798,528 2 9

Annuity at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. commonly called Reduced Annuities, on the Principal Sum of .41.540.073 , / 4 for Six Months, ended loih October 1796....

a 4

623,101 2 i|

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time, after abating £. 1,054. 2 s. 6J.

being after the Rate of £.450 per Million on £. 4,685,000 purchased by the above Commissioners before 5th April 1796 - 8,292 7 10

Annuity at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. added to the above Capital by Ad 36 Geo. III.; for the same Time; to such Contributors towards raising £, 18,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1796, as completed their whole Payments on £. 2,074,125 on or before 2d April 1796 - .

Annuity at £. 3. per Cent, per Ann. for One Year, ended 10th October 1796,10 such Contributors towards raising £. 18,000,000 who did not complete their whole Payments on or before 2d April 1796, but who completed the same on £. 1,626,250 on or before 7th October 1796 ——

£. s. J.

31,111 17 6

48,787 10 —

Annuity at £. 3. per Cent, per Ann. for Six Months, to 10th October 1796, to the Contributors for raising £. 7,500,000 for the Service of the Year 1796, by one other Act 36 Geo. III. as completed their whole Payments on £. 920,750 on or before 7th October 1796 -

Annuities for Long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament; for Six Months, ended 10th October 1796 For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities; for the same Time -

Annuities for 65\ Years, by Ad 35 Geo. III. 5 for the same Time - . - -

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, at £.961. 1 y s. 6d. per Ann. for Two Years, ended 10th October 1796 ——

Annuities for 64! Years, by Ad 36 Geo. III. to such Contributors for raising £. 18,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1796, as completed their whole Payments on or before 2d April 1796 on £.31,555. 17/. 64 per Ann. for Six Months, ended 10th October 1796 ——

Annuities for Ditto, by the said Act, to those Contributors who did not complete their whole Payments on or before 2d April 1796, upon completing the fame; for One Year, ended 10th October 1796 - - .

£ a 4 383,76519 2 4»3 7 7 4

£ s. d.

42,750 — —

I 923 15 —

S 777 18 9 1 a>195 12 6

Annuities for 63$ Years, by one other Act 36 Geo. III. to the Contributors for raising £. 7,500,000 for the Service of the Year 1796 for Six Months ended loth, October 1796, who completed their Payments on or before 7th October 1796....

Annoitiea for 30, 29, and 18J Years, by Acts 18, 19, and 29 Geo. III.; for Six Months, ended 10th October 1796 -For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities; for the same Time - -

63',393 9 -

79,899 7 6

13,811 5 —

72S»104 Si

388,083 6 6

44,67315 _

7.973 >i 3 -

4.464 12 6

£ 46S.«93 5 3

209,166 10 5 i

2,353 2 s\

— 1 - 211 5 19 12 10$

r - , 2-693>742 15 7f

00

'O

37 Geo. III. 250

INCOME, continued *

Brought over

CH ARtj E, continued.

Brought over

ia. Scc.

- 17 95 '

; - - - Ditto -

.....Ditto -

ets ----- Ditto -it, &c. - - - - Ditto -

Is - - - - Ditto -

naps.....Ditto

p Policies - - - Ditto

Lr Powder Certificates, Ditto ccipts ----- Ditto rfe Dealers Licences, 1796 -gacics - - - - Ditto

ts ----- - Ditto gs ----- Ditto ne - (Excise) - Ditto :to - (Customs) - Ditto bacco - - - - Ditto

Pets.....Ditto

- - Ditto

r - Ditto

CQ

t -

n'

CD

fe3 - -

Cr

BANK OF ENGLAND, continued.

12,128

1 >59x

d.

lk

8 —

ko per Cent. - - Ditto

o

eg'

Annuities by Acts 4th &c 5th King William and Queen Mary, commonly called £. 14 per Cents, which ceased on' 14th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt; for 3 Months; due Ditto - -

- - _ - for 96 Years, by Ad 5th & 6ih of the same Reign, which ceated at 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners; for the same Time - -

- . - - for 10 Years, by Ad 17th Geo. III. which ceased on 5th April 1787, and are to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners; for 6 Months; due

Ditto ——

- . - - atj£. 5 per Cent, to such of the Contributors for raising £. 18,000,000 as completed their whole Payments on £. 2,378,362. 10/, Part thereof, on or before

the 2d April 1797, the said Contributors being entitied to £. 112. 10;. Capital Stock for every £. 100 subscribed; for 6 Months; due Ditto -For the Support of His Majesty's Household; for 3 Months; due Ditto - - - - -v -

To Edward Roberts, Esq; First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £6yO per Ann. formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Salaries to the

Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, and now payable to him per Act 23d Geo. HL.

Ann Oafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences -

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances ——

His Royal HighneL the Duke of Glouccller - -- - - on his Annuity of £. 8,000

for 3 Months; due 5th April 1797

Ditto - on Ditto

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq; ----- -- on Ditto

The E.irl of Chatham - -- on Ditto

on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto , on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto on Ditto

£. 9:000 £. 3,000 £. 4,000 £. 2,000 £. [,500 £. 1,000 £. 7,o°o £ 3°°

£ 300

£. 200

£. 1,coo £. 1,000 £. 1,000

£ 500 £ s°°

Lord Rodney ——

Lord Heathfidd ——

Lady Dorchester ——

Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Philip Deare, Esq; ——

John Wigglesworth, Esq; - -

Charles Harris, Gent. ——

Sir William Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

John Thomas Batt, F.fq; another -

William Chamberlayne, Esq; another -

Sir John Dick, Bart, another - -

John Martin Leake, Esq; another -

Salaries to Clerks and for Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners Sir Geo. Yong>, Bart. Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint ----- - - - *

To the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be by them applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt - - - -....

On the Capital Stock of /. 6,250,000, £.3 per Cent.. Annuities, created in respect of £. 4,500,000, borrowed pursuant to an Act passed 30th April 330 Gij. tij. Rs. - - - " "

On Ditto - - - £. 11,000,000, £- 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 2o:h February 34° Gj. tij. Rs.

On Ditto - - - - £. 2,750,000, £.4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act J

On the Sum of£.g;6So per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 11 r. 5d. per Cent, on the afore-mentioned £. 11,000,060 granted for 66 Years and 3 Months by the said last mentioned Act, at the End of 45 Years; reckoning the same at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. -

On the Capral Stock of £. 1,926,52 5 12s >d. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act pafleU 23d May 340 Gij. tij. Rs.

in lieu of Navy and Viduailing Bills delivered up to be cancelled - - - - .7

On Ditto 18,000,000,/. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 16th March 350 Gij. tij. Rs.

On Ditto - - - - £.6,000,000, £.$ per Cent. Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act -

On Ditto 12,835 pe r Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of

gs. 6d. per Cent, on the aforr-mentioned £. 18,000,000 granted for 65 Years and 3 Months by the fai l Ad, at the - End of 45 Years, reckoningthc same at the Rate of £- 3 perCent, per Ann. -

C - ' *

2,641,145 7 io£

13>7 ° 3 7k

12,500 — —

59 459 3

224,500 — —

162 10 —

for Ditto - - . - - 5 — -

for Ditto - - - - 3,262 10.

for Ditto - - - 2,000 —

for Ditto - - - - 2,250

for Ditto - - - 750 —

for Ditto - - - - 1,000 —

for Ditto - - - . - ~ 500 —

for Ditto - - - - 375 —

for Ditto - - - 250 —

for Ditto - - _ _ - 1,750 —

for Ditto - - - _ .1 75 —

for Ditto - _ _ _ 7 %

for Ditto - . r - . / j 50 —

for Ditto . _ - _ 250 —

for Ditto - . _ 250 —

for Ditto - - - - _ 250 —

for Ditto _ - - - - »s - 125 —

for Ditto - _ . - - _

for Ditto - - - - _ 1,500 —

for Ditto - - - 34S° —

for Ditto - - £ d. 250,000 —

for Ditto - - 19,625 —

for Ditto - - 27,500 — —

for Ditto - - 6,375 — —

so»- Ditto - - 2,420 — — -

for Ditto _ - 4, Si6 6 3

for Ditto - - 45.000

for Ditto - - 15,000 — —

for Ditto - - 3,208 3 5- t

4

VO

00.

250 Aprilis. 1797

:/. DutyonHorfts - - Ditto -....

?ocoa - 1797 - -

Jritish Spirits, Ditto - - ....

foreign Ditto, Ditto....

}eeds. - - Ditto - - -1 - -

r. 5 per Cent. Ditto.....- - -

Sugar - Ditto - - - -....

Auctions - - Ditto ——

Stage Coaches, Ditto - - - - -....

Imprest Money repaid by John Ilatfell, Esq; - -

Ditto - - - - by Abraham. Newland,. Esq; qn Account of the Commissioners for irtuing Exchequer Bills -

Ditto ----- by Claude Scott, Esq; on Account of Corn, &c. fold for the Use of Government - -

o

CQ

r+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

0

rT

4,520

>>3H 51,831

23.958 H.853 500

S>°93 2,242 — — 3,075 ——

34 ——

32.000 — —

30.000 — —

— 6

14 8}

3,503,809 7 7

t3

On Ditto £. 1,607,897. !/ ! in £. 5 perCent. Annuities created by an Act passed 28th April 1795' *

inlieuof Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up 10 be cancelled - - - - -- -for Ditto -

On Ditto - - - - £. 2 1,595,800, Part cf£. 21,600,000, £.3 per Cjnt. Annuities created in respect of£.18,000,000

borrowed in purfuar.ee of an Act passed 19th Dec. 1795, after deducting £. 4,200 forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments

H

i> '

O.i D.tto - - - - £. 4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by the lalUm.-ntioned Ad In respect of the said Loan

On the Sum of £ 8,-,60 pe r Amp. being £.1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6 s. 6;/. per Cent, on the a tore laid £. 18,000,000, granted for 64! Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. ——

On the Capital Stock of £. 8,934,200, Part of £.9,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Cor.folidated Annuities, created in respect of ' £. 7,500,000 borrowed in pursuance of an Act pulied 14th May 1796, after deducing £.65,800, forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments; for the same Time - - . - - ~-

On Ditto - - - - £. 1,859,625, Part of £ 1,875 000 £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, created by the lall-

mentioned Act, after deducting £.<5 375 forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments On the Sum of £. 2.925 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5/. 6<i. per Ann. on the aturesaid £.7,300,000 granted for 63 Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £. 3 perCent. per Ann.- ——

On the Capital Stock of £.4,414,074. 4. 6. in £.5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 19th May 1796, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

On Ditto ----£. 16,437,273. 1. in £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created by an Act passed 19 I1 May

1796, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

On Ditto - - - - £.764,861. 5. 10. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities by the said Act, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

On Ditto - - - - £.2,024,228. 18. 9. £.5 per Cent. Annuities by the said Act, in lieu of Navy and Victualling

Bills, as above ——

On Ditto ----£. 1,999,699. 4. 4. £ 3 per Cent. Annuities by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

O.i the Sum of £. 104,452. 5. 8. £.4 per Cent. Annuities, by Ad 37 Geo. ill. in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

On Ditto - - £. 270,202. 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to

be cancelled.....-.....-

1 On Ditto - - £2,378,362. 10. Part of £.18,000,000 £.5 perCent. Annuities, created by an Act 370 G»j. tij. Rs.

\ on Account of certain Contributors completing their Payments before the 2d April 1797 -

for Ditto for Ditto

4.024 14 iojj

55,989 10 —

11,250 ——

for Ditto - 2,115 — —

for Ditto - - 22,335 10 -

for Ditto - 4,649 1 3

for Ditto 731 5

for Ditto - 11,035 3 4

for Ditto - - 41,093 3 7j

for Ditto - 1,912 3 i 4

fer Ditto - 5,060 11 5

for Ditto - 4,999 4

for Ditto 261 1 7

for Ditto - 675 10 1

for Ditto - $>945 18 1!

To John Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis, Berks - - - - on his Annuity of £.

To Richard Penn, Esq; of Queen Anne Street, Middlesex, on Ditto To His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence - - on Ditto

To H is Royal Highness the Duke of York - r - - on Ditto

To Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York - - - on Diito

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales - - - on Ditto

for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto

3,000 ——

- £. 1,000 ——

- £. 12,000 ——

- £. 14,000 - -

- £. 4»°°o....

- £-65,000 -....

To the R Ilonble. Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Allowance from 5th Day of January to 25th Day of March 1797, at the Rate

of £. 6,000 per Ann. according to Particulars mentioned in a Certificate in that Behalf - -

To John Reeves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, to pay the Salaries of Clerks, &c. of the said Offices ——

To George Auvood, Esq; Inspedorof Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of an Act 30° Gij. tij. Rs.

To the Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, for Fees of various Natures paid at the Exchequer, Treasury, &c. for 3 Years ended 5th January 1796 -

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act 35 Geo. Ilf. ——

To the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in the Execution of Acts 30th and 29th Geo. Ill, for granting'Annuities on Lives, &rc.; for 6 Months; due 5 th April 1797

To Thomas Marsham, Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for irtuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, by Ad 35 Geo. III. for Expences attending the Execution

of the said Act

Exchequer, the 25 th Day of April 1797.

Total CHARGE on the Consolidated Fund for the Quarter ended 5th April 1797 Total PRODUCE of the Duties composing this Fund at - - - Ditto -

DEFICIENCY.....at - - - Ditto -

James Fiftnr.

- £

- iC-

-a

o

M

O

290,522 18 iij

250 — —

3.coo — -

3.500 — *

1,000 ——

16,250 — —

650 11 6

2,800 — —

350 ——

360 18 — 34,266 14 6

440 ——

500 ——

kO

kn

o

g.

3,574 420 15 3,503.809 7

8]

7

70,611 8

4,.

\o

'O,

Soo

35° Aprils.

A. 1797-

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the

Year 1796; and the Produce to satisfy the fame.

The Sum granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796, amounts to Three Million Five hundred thousand Pounds; but that Fund has not hitherto produced sufficient to satisfy any Part of the fame.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of April 1797.

James

Bill to amend Att of this hellion respecting the Negotiation of Piomiliory Notes, passed.

lift of Fees in the War Oilice, presented.

Returns of West India Regiments,

piciented.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to amend and continue, for a lime to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, " for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, " of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign "of His present Majesty, for reilraining the Negoliation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called Englandwas, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, " the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and " Seventeenth Years of the lleign of llis present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory " Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited " Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England."

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A 'Lift of the Fees paid in the different Departments at the War Office, for the various Services of the Army.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said LIII do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The.laid Lift is preserved amongst the other - Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War allb presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Monthly Returns of the West India Regiments in the Windward and Leeward Blands,

from ill Av.gujl 1795 to ill October 1796: And also.

Copies of Monthly Returns of the IVrjl India Regiments in Jamaica, from ill May to ill November 1796: And alto.

Copies of Monthly Returns of the IJ'efl India Regiments in Sr. Domingo, from ill September to ill December 1796.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the.Day, for the House Committee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, importation to consider of permitting Goods, the Product or Ma- Goods!"1' nufacture of certain Places within the Levant or diterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in or

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. John Smyth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given tv) bring, in a Bill to Bill ordered, permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, lor a 'Lime to be limited: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Ryder, and Air. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Da}', for the House Comrmtteeon-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Negation, to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of Aits, the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging.and Increasing of Shipping " and Navigation "and also, of an Act, made in the

c.) 7 7 ,

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increalo and " Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Conunittee-

Mr.

Report'Sup

pib

Kavy Debt.

Ftchequer

Bills.

D.

frtreti ry to t!:e Co:nn:rt-fioners ot National Debt.

TTerfc to Offiurof American-CLiints.

French Re-iugces.

Ftfr. Campbell Vor Convicts on the Thames.

37 Geo. III.

25 April: s.

501

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. JohnSmxth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Ketolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the kune.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

?elr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Millions, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expences and preventing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, net exceeding One Million One hundred and den thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay ctf and discharge the Exchequer Bills which have been issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to railc the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses " and Purposes therein mentioned."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay eft' and discharge the Exchequer Bills which have been issued on the Credit of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions One hundred and Seventy-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, charged by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been blued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of H is Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to John Fur hill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and which has not been made good by Pari lament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out ot His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to JohnWiimot, Esquire, for a Clerk to luperintend the Office for American Claims, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That rt is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, cut of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand and Thirty-three Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Duncan Campbell, Ef-Vol.. 52;

quire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River 'Thames, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bradley That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Six hun- j 'i'rontand dred and Twenty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Portmumiii. Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer; out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to James Bradley, Esquire, for {he Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langftone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Repairs of That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hun- Fleet pnloa-dred and Fifteen Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Repairs of the Fleet Prison, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d° of King'# That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Bench, and Seventy-two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been iliued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Repairs of the King's Bench Prison, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prosecution?, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Hastings's That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hun- Prosecution dred and Six Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings,

Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chief justice That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Ninety-three of New-found-Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Ma- land‘ jesty to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of Newfoundland, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, On Account That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Eight jl South hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been ijlucd, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ForSuperin-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hun- tf,ndfrCeo/ dred and Forty Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted 1 'en C" to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences and Allowances in the Superintendence of the Alien Act, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foreign Se-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hun- cm Servi"-dred and Forty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of

6 M the

Afra.in Forts.

Bo:»rd of Agriculture.

Prosecutions &c. relating to the Coin for 1797.

Convicts for 1797-

Printing of Journals, Sec. for 1797.

For Superintendence of the Alien A&, for 1797.

New South Wales for 1797-

Allowances for American Sujferers lor 1797 *

Account of ft-lis from St. Domingo, or Wtvcd.

CO 2

yJ

the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Secret Service abroad, between the 10th Day of O club a 1796 and the jth Day of una rv 1797.

Refolded)That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Surn, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the Brit ifh Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Refoivedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Sendee of the Year 1797.

Refoivedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThirty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Year 1797.

Refoivedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been, or shall be, printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of the Alien Act, Tor the Year i?97-

Refoivedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That.a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to llis Majesty, towards defraying the Expences of the Settlement at South Wales, for the Year 1797.

Rcfolrcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand One hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers and others, who have fullered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, for the Year 1797.

The laid Ilefolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Bills from Saint Domingo paid since the 25th of December 1796, and also of the Amount of all Bills from thence that have appeared at thcTreasury, or of which Advice is received.

1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fflims nf Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1796.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the ny's I'punoa Committee to whom the Petition of the United Com- vohnt-cr pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Corps. dies, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr., Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee, to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported,

mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for tire Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in tire Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or " Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or " Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom,

" during the present War."

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill,ordered, enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps " or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of..their Counties, Towns, or " Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom,

" during the present War:" And that Mr.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Tweedy, from FHinr.frof the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called K'-v.v in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant I>rLCUt to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate wras read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

2$° Ap

Navy Office,

25° Jprilis,

5°3

37 Geo. III.

Navy Ortice, |An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter men- 25th April 1797 / tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1796.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES. Particulars. TOTAL,

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, £sV.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Store Ships, supplied for the Service thereof - -- -- - - --For Freight of Tenders and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1796, as all'o for Bills of Exchange, and other Services - -- -To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Or- dinary and Extraordinary - - For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His Majesty on that Behalf ----- -- £. . d. 378,200 7 7 300,101 3 10 184,593: 114,205 9- 4 _ £. s. > 977,100 — 9

Seamen's Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off - - -TodShips in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1796 - -To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, i£c. - - 435>395 15 2 973,324 12 9 3 4 _ > 1,419.375 ri 3

Victualling, as per Efjjcnate received from those Commissioners, viz.

Pue for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ----- - - For paying off all BiHs entered on their Course - - - -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1796 - ' For Necefiary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ----- ----- -- To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several Ports ----- ----- 1 I 31,616 19 11 j 164,722 11 11 96,845 7 1 39.9" 6 4 31,702 6 4 364.798 " 7

Sick and Wounded, as per Estimate received from I those Commissioners, viz. j

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on I Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Pri- 1 foners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office - I r 120,445 8 6

Transports, as per Estimate received from those j Commissioners, 1

Due for Freight of Transports on the aforesaid 31st December 1796, and other Contingencies relating to that Office - - - - O O For Subsistence, Bedding, and Cloathing of Prisoners of War 1,499,602 11 1 TOa44 7 T TT O 1 1,604,080 2 3

ill IJ-CalLII X From thence deducting the Money in the Hands of the Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1796 The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Four Million One hundred and Fifty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Far- tiling - -- - - -- io4>477 11 2 i " 4,485,799 14 4 327»°55 5 i *

- - 4,i58»744 9

Afem!"m — The Sum of £. 790,132. i6r. 4 has been received out of the Grants

for the Year 1797, and applied towards the Expence of the Year 1796, and is not included in the above Debt.

VoLa 52.

Mtni ! *

Mew — There was remaining in the I lands of the Lite and present. Treasurers of the Navy, in Money, on the 31st December 1796, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

Cn

‘O

4 *

o

r-h

N'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

In what Treasurer's Hands.

In Money.

Right honb,t Isaac Barre -

Right honb ° Hy Dundas; ill Treasurerljiip.

Right honfc,# Charles Tcienjhend -

Right honb,e Hy Dundas \ 2d Treasurership.

Right honMc Hy Dundas \ New Account,

f In Money ——

\ Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money -

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

f In Money

iDi

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

f In Money - -

I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

f In Money ——

1 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

Balance remaining on Account of Transports

9

Jv.

S. llamouJ. Geo,

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

£ s.

3,289 9

3,602 II II?

2.893 5 4i

3 r - m ___ t

9 .743 3 2

35.993 J9 7

Geo. Rogers.

Seamen's Wages.

J45.s77 3 —; i69,794 5 4 *

IV. Bellingham.

Viduals.

TOTAL.

s. d. -f- d.

2>563 IO — 88 5 45

10 »7 9 —

1,728 12 1 oj 116 11 3 *

IO H 11 1 —

140 r5 2» 643 7

44 J9 6

22 6 2 5° 9 IO

2 3 "

139,753 7 5i 10,033 3

25»518 9 2 — .

11,383 6 9I

jr. s. d. 5,952 2 n|

J 5.45s 11 1

} 3,722 17 |

} 3.s79 1 4l

| 272,048 12 II i

35.993 J9 7

327>°55 5 U

S . Gambler,

2 50 Apr ills. A 1j97-

37 Geo. III.

25° — 2 6°

5°5

Committee on Laws respecting the Importation of C'ambricks, &c.

Ordered, That the said Eilimate do lie upon the Table, to be perufied by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws reflecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That he was dire hied by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 6° Aprilis;

Anno 370 Georgii III,il Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Ho!ford and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estates of John El-

quire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Cha/g in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste Grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also

a certain Common Meadow, and all other Commonable Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

The Lords have airreca to

Mr. Ycld-ham's Estate Bill.

Fife Roads (Statute Labour) BiH.

Chalgrave Inclosure Bill.

Sapperton and Mackley Incloiiire Bill.

Eyemouth Harbour Bill.

Lords

Amendments to T weed Fisheries Bill, agreed to.

T1

Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the HE House proceeded to take into Consideration Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, without any Amendment: And also, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and render- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Clackmm-m ing more ell'edlual. Two certain Acts of Parliament, Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Term made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year withan of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Im- of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repair- Amendment, provement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the ing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and

Perth; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the wfui Amend-Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several merits. Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parlia-

Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 2

1-3-

Leave out " certain." Leave out " of Parliament.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second ment, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Time, were, upon the Question liNerally put thereupon, present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and agreed to by the House. several other Works, in such Act mentioned; with

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Walfalt Grammar School Llhte Bill, committed.

An

ingrbfled

Bill

from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, at in the County of

Stafford, to till certain Mines under Part of their Lands, and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dilperied, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for en-

Milnthorp and Kirkby Lon Idale Road Bill, with Amendments.

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the The Lords Concurrence of this House: And also, hav? paired

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord chol-vesting several Estates in the County of Chester, of the Right honourable George James Earl Cholmonde/ey, as Devisee for Lite, under the Will of the Honourable

abling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes, General James Cholmonde/ey, deceased, in the said Earl was read a Second Time. ~

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William

Low rher's Fliale Bill, committed.

An ingossed Eill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir William LowthBaronet, in Trustees, in Trull, to convey the same to the said Sir William

Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dans's EUne veiling certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by B,il-the Will of James Davis, Esquire, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances,

Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Loza tier's and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other

conveying other Estates to the Uses of the settled Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pvt, Mr. llubart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Yol. c2.

Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Ul'es; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, devised by the

6 N 'Will


Salter's Estate Bill.

Hr ruby ;md

T.itlum Manors 13ill.

Sir James Dufhwood's Jiftite Bill.

Welliner-borou ti and Northampton Bead Bill, polled.

B«ll for equalizing the County Rate for Middlesex, deterred.

506 26° Aprilis1797.

Wi]l of Elliot Salter, E("quire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Puvehate of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the i'arne Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Cyf-tomary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Eat ham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omitted, now to cotne in and purqlufe the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and Cyftomary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of fych of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Benefits lo such of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trulls thereof, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Bill mentioned; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the late Sir James in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising thereby in' discharging certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale or Sales, in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said Sir James to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.'

An ingossed Rill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and, at the End of the Question, to and the Words " upon this Day " Three Months.''

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question i

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, so, the Yeas, } ,«

( The Marquis of Eitch-'\

Tellers for the Noes, < NH of Ab\ 82‘ f ingdon; j

So it passed in- the Negative.

9

And the Question being proposed. That the Words " upon this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words " Three Months," and inferring the Word " Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words

" Three Months" Hand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Sevennight" be infevted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, { } 80.

Teller, for the Noes, \} 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said proposed Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ScarWough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ the eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Henry Somerset, commonly called Lord Charles Henry Somerset,who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty's Household.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Call, deferred, the 10th Day of this Instant April, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Monday Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall net then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Floufewas moved. That the Order, made upon Part of Order the 23d Day of February last, that Leave be given to f selby 'n? bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition clolure and of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord and the humble Petition of John Fofter, Richard Steal- " a low, JosephSmith, and Samuel Smith Junior, and divers

other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Parish of Selby,in the West Riding of the County of York, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to the draining, preservirvg, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs within the several Parishes, Town-Ihips, Hamlets, or Places, of Selby, Thorp,

Hambleton, Moitk-Fryfon, South Milforth, Scahn Park,

Wif ovo, Cawood, Re/l Park, Lennerton,

Church Fenton, Barkston, AJli, and Little Fenton, be dii

charged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of certain Exchequer Bills issued at Par, between the 7th Day of April 1797 and the 2 rii Day of in'ucd at Par, April 1797, for the Public Service; under an Engage- ordered, ment, on the Part of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to propole to Parliament that the said Exchequer Bills should be received as Cash, on the

Deposit

37 Geo. III. 507

Deposit of the new Loan then intended to be proposed gagement, on the Part of the Lords Commissioners of to Parliament. His Majesty's Treasury, to propose to Parliament that

the said Exchequer Bills should be received as Cash, on Account of Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their the Deposit of the new Loan then intended to be pro-ch uerBiils Order, . posed to Parliament.

issued at Par, An Account of certain Exchequer Bills issued at Par, And the Title of the said Account was read,

presented. between the 7th Day of April 1797 and the 26th Day The said Account is as followeth; viz.

of April 1797, for the Public Service j under an En-

An ACCOUNT of certain Exchequer Bills issued at Par, between the 7th Day of April 1797 and the 26th Day of April 1797, for the Public Service} under an Engagement on the Part of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to propose to Parliament that the said Exchequer Bills Ihoukl be received as Calli, on the Deposit of the new Loan then intended to be proposed to Parliament.

N° 2,489 to 2,493 - - - dated 7th April 1797 - - - - of £. 100 each - - - £5°°

3>011 to 3>°23 - 6,500

3.°2 4 to 3 177 ‘ 77,000

3>J78 to 3.223 23,000

2,201 to 2,250 - 50,000

2,251 to 2,291 J5 8,200

3>3°r to 3.338 - 5 19,000

2,292 to 2.35° - i5 11,800

3 339 to 3.460 - 5 61,000

2'35l to 2,62 - V 55.oooo

3 561 to 3.78o - 110,000

£ 422,000

a

Treasury Chambers,

April26 th 1797.

George Rose,

Accounts ordered:

Cortfolidated Stamp Duties,

Insurance

Duty.

Duty on Bills of Exchanger

D°on

Gold and Silver Plate.

D on Artornies Ceruii cates.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties on the several Articles comprized under the Head of Consolidated Duties of the Stamp Revenue, from the 2d of 1795 to the 2d of Augnjt 1796, distinguishing the Produce of each Article on which a separate Duty is charged; together with the Amount of the Duties now payable thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty of it. 6 per Cent, on all Sums insured on Property against Loss by Fire, from the 2d of August 1795 to the 2d of 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Bills of Exchange, from the 2d of August 1795 to the 2d of August 1796.

Ordered, Tlxat there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, from the 2d of August. 1795 to the 2d of August 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Great Britain.

Death and Casualtics at St. Domingo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Deaths and Casualties which have taken Vol. 52.

Place in the British Forces, and in the Forces in British Pay, serving ,-in the Island of Saint Domingo, from the Commencement of the War to the 30th September last, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an civil Efta-Account of the Civil Establishment of that Part of the blishmentat Island of Saint Domingo in the Possession of the British St' DoininS0« Forces, from the Commencement of the War to the latest Period such an Account can be made out, specifying the Names of Persons holding Offices, together with the Amount of Salaries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Deaths and Return of the Deaths and Casualties which have taken Cafuuitiesin place in the Navy and Transport Service on the Station Transpoit of Saint Domingo, from the Commencement of the War Service,

to the 30th of September last.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the ti»re of'Jaimi-printed Proceedings of the Legislature of Jamaica, as c;'1 reipuitmvj far as relpedls the late War with the Maroons of 11 aroous‘

ney Town, in the said Island.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, Account of the Numbers of the Maroons on their Ar- the

rival at Halifax from the West Indies; and an Account ordered. '

of

508

a 6° Apri

A.

1797.

Motion for Address for Correlpon-dence relative to the M.i-r>on$, with-drawn. k

Accounts

presented.

ConsolicLited Stamp Duties.

of their Numbers, according to the late ft Advices, spe- . citying the Deaths.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Observations of Mr. Commissionqr Qttarrell, respecting the Maroons, as delivered to Sir John Wentworth on their landing at Halifax.

A Motion was made, and the Question was propofecl, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica and Major General Walpole, as far as relates to the Tranlactions relative to the Maroons of Trelawney Tozuiy in the said Island.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House being informed that Mr. Thompson, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on the several Articles comprized under the Head of Consolidated Duties of the Stamp Revenue, including the Sums that have been received at the Head Office of Stamps, from the 2d Angv.fi 1795 to the 2d August 1796 — And also, the Amount of the Consignments of

In fu ranee Duty.

Duty on Bills of Exchange.

on Plate.

D° on

Attornies

Certificates.

far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the lame; and who were instrufted to state an Account of the Progrels that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt iince the 5 th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progrels which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exilling; and who were also instrufted to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to controf the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what I11-crease or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminiftiing the -Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, be referred to the said Committee.

- Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

Stamps made to the respective Dillributors within the directed him to report, when the House will please to

Committee of Ways and Means.

Reports from the Select Committee on Finance, referred.

same Period, distinguishing the Produce of each Article on which a separate Duty is charged, together with the Amount of the Duties now payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Insurance, from the 2d of Av.gufi 1795 to the 2d of Angvfi 1796: And also,

- An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Bills of Exchange, from the 2d of August 1795 to the 2d of August 1796: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Plate, from the 2d of August 1795 to the 2d of August 1796: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors and Attornies, from the 2d of August 1 795 to the 2d of August 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sdlion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been . made from the Select Committee appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arilen since the <;th of January 1793: And li kewife of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which cxilled previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Obier vat ions thereon to the House: Likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected dotal Amount of the Public Ex-ponces fur the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as

K

jjft it-

Cl;J,

receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was clirested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fir again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive -the fame. *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing wind allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Har-fton, in the County of Cambridge, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the iota Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was reterred to consider of an Act, made in the Twelft h Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouraging and Incrcaling of Shipping and Navigations" And also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-

sixth

tit

Committee of Supply.

Grr.‘

Fee

fcsB

Aatr.: 15 Mil file

waida

hdj

Farflon, &c. Incloliue Bill, deferred,

Report on

Shipping and Navigation Acts, deterred.

1 *

37 Geo. lit

25° — 27® Aprilis.

509

Rrport on Laws refueling the Importation of Cfcmbricks, c. deferred.

Selby Inclo-fai Bill, predated.

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragetnent of Shipping and Navigation,' , be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Report from tht Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns, be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till To -morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Jovisy 270 Aprilis;

Anno 37 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797, Prayers.

MR. RandyllBurch presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the West Riding of the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Randyll Burch presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hillam,in the Parish of Monk Fryftotu, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great wit- An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying w iiLk1°' n Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great JVilbraham, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severally, tl'.e Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons,-and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great in

the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeatie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Klhm Inclosure Bill, presented.

lure Bill, passed.

Lords

Amendments to Milnthorp and Kirkby Lonsdale Road Bill, screed to.

Hornby and Tathain Manors Bill,

rad.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from to Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of JYeftntorland.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 7. Leave out distrained" and insert

" distraining."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Michael le Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering e/Teftual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Tathdm, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,who heretofore have omitted,

Vol. 52.

now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extihguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who hive executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Benefits to such of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trulls thereof, with such Exceptions and Reservatiorts only as are in this Bill mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Davis's fefatt for veiling certain undivided Parts or Shafes, deviled " reaa' by the Will of fames Davis, Esquire, of and in fe-vctal Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and Glou-tesler, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Banibyand Grounds, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of committed.' Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Fifcount Brome, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Salter's Eiht« for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Blli'reia-Parish of Burnham, in the County of devised

by the Will of Elliot Salter, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be fead a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lord Choi-for veiling several Estates in the County oiChefter, of the Right honourable George James Earl,

as Devisee for Life, under the Will of the Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the said Earl' Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County,.in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re Letter from ceived a Letter froip Sir Thomas Moflyn, Baronet, who sir Thomas is returned a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of desiring him tentionnotto

to inform the House, that he, the said Sir Thomas j 1 Mojlvn, did not intend to defend his Return for the said County.

And the said Letter being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, was read; and is as followeth , .

" Bruton Street, London, April 27th, 1797. a Mr. Speaker,

" I do myself the Honour to address you, for the " Purpose of informing the House of Commons, that N

" I do not intend to defend my Return to lerve in ParliamCTit for the County of Flint against the fe-" veral Petitions, which have been presented to the " House, complaining of my Election and Return;

Q"and

51°

27

A.

1797.

Consideration of FJintshire Election Petitions, adjourned.

Firil Report from Committee appointed to consider of promoting the Cultivation of Waste Lands.

" and I beg this may be considered as my Declaration,

" in Writing, pursuant to the Act of the Twentyeighth of His present Majesty.

" I have the Honour to be,

" Sir,

" With the greatest Respect,

" Your most obedient humble Servant,

" Thomas

" The Right HonWe y The Speaker, House of Commons."

The House was moved. That an Act:, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of " the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 6th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John of

Tyddyn, in the County of Flint, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read,

- And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be adjourned until Thursday, the 1 ft Day of Ju /text, at Three of the Clock in the Afternooq.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Failure, in this Kingdom, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, together with their Opinion thereon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and of the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, is an Object of such efl'ential Consequence to the general Interests of the Nation, that every Means ought to be adopted speedily and effectually to accompli fit the fame, and that every possible Step ought to be taken for that Purpose in the Course of the present Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would tend to promote the Inclosure of such Lands, if a Bill were passed for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, of that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities which may Hand in the Way of such Agreement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would materially tend to the' Inclosure of such Lands (more especially where the Parties are neither numerous or complicated) if, in Cafes where the Parties are not unanimous, a" Law were passed for ena-

bling any Person or Persons, entitled to any Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, or any Portion thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chairman do move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the above Resolutions.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon IVednc Morning next.

The said Report is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Buildings on or near Great Tower Hill, London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 5 th Day of April, Notices have been given, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Middlesex, for the City of London, and for the Tower and Liberties of the Tower of London, and also in a Newspaper circulated within the City of London and County of Middlesex, that Application was making to Parliament for a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleaning, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Open Space of Tower Hill, and for removing.and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same, in such and in like Manner as is required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any City or Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to.bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Open Space ot Tower Hill, and for

removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Anderson, See.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 20th Day of IMarch last, was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the lame, with their Observations, to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, on the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of this Realm.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered,

Petition figiu-tying that Notices had been given of the Application for Tower Hill Improvement Bill.

Report respecting the promulgating of Statutes, further considered.

' ‘Li '.It

Conference dclired with tLords.

R F

D.iy appointed (ot'Sfcond Reading of Bill to amend Aftornie? Duties Ad.

Chain's, &c. Partition Bill rcpjrted, 2nd

piled.

Levant. See. Tnck Bill, presented.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Ifunds, ordered.

Report respecting the Importation of Cambric ks, See.

Bill to prohibit the Importation of Cunbricks, kc. ordered *

Bill for raking ort the Bounty on Sail Cloth, &. c. ordered.

Report from Committee on Shipping and Navigation Acts.

37 Geo. III. 270 Aprilis. 511

[ Ordered., That the Bill to amend an Act, made in

the Thirty-fourth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk " ships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the " Courts in England therein mentioned," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. B01icherettreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for efi'eftuating a Partition of certain Estates of Francis Chaplin, Esquire, and Esquire, in the County of was committed;

That th.e Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bid, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill ro the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Boucherett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ruler presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Douglas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ryder,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns; and who were in-strufted to consider of the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and , French Lawns.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and French Lawns: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ryder all'o reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bilk for taking off the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to Ireland. *

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave‘be given to bring in a Bill for taking off the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to 'Ireland:And that Mr. Ryder,

Mr Douglas, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. - *

Ordered, That Mr: Douglas do make the Report from the Committee., of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the

VToi.. 52.

Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and " Increasing of Shipping and Navigation and also, of An Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping " and Navigation."

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to grant to certain Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection in consequence of Capitulations, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and llestrictions.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow Aliens in certain Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, and who have taken the Oaths of - Fidelity and Allegiance, to exercise therein the Occupations of Merchants or Factors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that Provision should be made for the registering of Ships built in any of the Settlements belonging to the East India Company, so as. to entitle the same to the Privileges and Advantages of Briiifh-hm\tShips.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Hobait, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden,from the Commissioners for exe- States of

cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great ort5'

Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Di- pK reftions of an Act of Parliament,

State of Appolonia Fort, visited 9th July 1793: And

also, .

State and Condition of Dixcove Fort, nth July 1795: And also,

State of British Commenda, visited 13th July 1793:

And also,:

State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle, as taken by Simon Mackenzie, Esquire, Commander of His Majesty's Ships on the Coast of Africa, the 20th July -1793: And also,

State of Anamaboe Fort, visited 10th Aiigv.fi 1793:

And also, ' .

State and Condition of Terniumquerry Fort, the nth August 1795: And also,

State of Acra Fort, visited 12th August 1793: And also,

State and Condition of Winnebak Fort,' 12 th August 1793: And also,

State and Condition of William's Fort Whydah, 13th August 1793.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are prel'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

- Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from ReP3rt Su?S the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was py referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him- to -report to the House; which he read in his -Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table-: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. - .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Temporay That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand the Emperor.

Pounds,

270 yip rills.

5 2

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to make a Temporary Advance, by Way of Loan, for the Service of the Emperor.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questiott put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rf ortway Mr. Douglas, according to Ordar, reported from the ud Mean . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz:

Railing 2 Sam Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by Annuities. towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Thirteen Millions be raised by Annuities in Manner following; that is to say j

That every Contributor to the said Sum of Thirteen Millions shall, for every £. i oo. contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of £.125- in Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. per , to commence from the 5th Day of 1797, and to be

added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3. per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3 Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That , every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further

Principal Sum of £.30. in £.3 Centum Reduced Annuities, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain other Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. per Centum, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3. per Centum Reduced Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every Contributor mall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of jf.ao. in Annuities, after the Rate of per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4. per Centum, which were consolidated by the Acts of the Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 4. per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That, every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-two Years and

A.

1797-

Nine Months, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of £. 125. and £.30. after the Rate of £. 3. per Centum per Annum, and £. 20. after the Rate of £.4. per Centum per A in respect of every

£. 100. to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Thirteen Millions; which Annuity of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum so to continue for Sixty-two Years and Nine Months, shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and a Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, Sixty-live Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-four Years and U Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be payable, paid, and transferrable at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the Bank of England: That the said several Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. per- Centum, £.3. per Centum, £.4.per Centum, and Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 28th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of £.10. per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Thirteen Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 26th Day of May next; ,

£. 15. per Centum on or before the a ill Day of June next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of July next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 15th Day of August next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the i cth Day of September next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of October next j

£.10. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of November next; and,

£. to per Centum on or before the 29th Day of December next:

That every Contributor, who shall be possessed of any Exchequer Bill, or Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen " Millions by Way of Annuities," and which were dated previous to the 21st Day of January 1797, or any such Exchequer Bills, which shall have been if-sued since the 7th Day of April 1797, according to the Numbers, and for the Sums as follows; videlicet.

N 2,489 to 2 93 - dated 7 April 1797, - - - of .100 each - - - - £.500

3»on to 3.023 - 6,500

3.024 to 3.177 - 77,000

3.Q8 to 3.223 - - - - 23,000

2,201 to 2,250 - - - . - - - 50,000

2,251 to 2,291 - - - - 8,200

3.3oi to 3.338 — 15 D® - - - - 19,000

2,292 to 2.350 — 15 D° ..... 11,800

3.339 to 3,460 15 D - - - - 6 x,oooo

2,351 to 2,625 ' - - - - 55,000

3.561 to 3.78P - - - - 110,000

£. 422,000

shall

37 Geo. III.

2 70 Apr

5i3

shall he at Liberty to pay, or deliver in the fame, as a Denofii on his Contribution towards the said Sum of Thirteen Millions; and such Exchequer Bill, or Bills, shall be received as Money by the Cathier, or Cashiers, of the said Governor and Company, and placed as such to the Credit of the Contributor, or Contributors, paving or delivering in the same: That all the Monies and Exchequer Bills, lb to be received by the said Calliier, or Cashiers, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Hull be paid and delivered into the Receipt of the Exchequer; which Monies, lo paid in, shall be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Sc;Tien of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution ?>lonvy for,ards the said Sum of Thirteen Millions at any Time on or before the 17th Day of November next, shall be allowed an Intercll, by Way of Diicount, after the Kate of £.4. per Coil am per Annum, on the Sum lo completing his or her Contribution rdpe&ively, to be computed from the Day of completing the lame, to the 2gih Dav of December 1797: That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Thirteen Millions shall, in proportion to every £. 100. so contributed and paid, contribute a further proportional Sum to any Loan, not exceeding Five Millions, which shall be made by virtue of any Act, or Acts, to be passed in the present Se/uon of Parliament: That, in calc Provision shall not be made by any Act, or Acts, to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for a Loan to the further Amount ot Five Millions over and above the said Thirteen Millions, a Deduction of Six Pence Hull be made from the Amount of the Annuity ot Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum hereinbefore mentioned for every Million, by which the Total Amount of such further Loan, or Loans, shall be leis than Five Millions: And that every Contributor towards railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions hereinbefore mentioned shall, a: the Time of making his Deposit ot / . 10. per Centum on such Sum as lie shall chuse to subscribe towards the said Sura of Thirteen Millions, also deposit such a further Sum towards railing any further Loan or Loans, not exceeding Five Millions, as shall bear the same Proportion to the Sum of Five Millions, which his Deposit of J\ 10. per Centum, towards railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions, shall bear to the said Sum of Thirteen Millions: And that, if Provision shall not be made by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, before the Second Payment to be made on the Loan of Thirteen Millions, for raising such further Loan or Loans to the full additional Amount of Five Millions, the Excels of each additional Sum so to be deposit cd by every Contributor, over and above the proportional Deposit on any such further Loan or Loans, lei's in the Whole than Five Millions, shall be carried to the Account of such Contributor, and deemed a Part of the Second Payment, to be made by him towards raising the Loan of Thirteen Millions: And that, if Provision shall not be made in like Manner towards railing any Part of the said additional Amount of Five Millions, the Whole of each additional Sum, so to be depositedas aforesaid by every Contributor, shall be carried to the Account of such Contributor, and deemed Part of the Second Payment to be made by him towards raising the said I an of Thirteen Millions.

Duty on Ad- Rejo/red, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ni.Hion into That, towards raising the Supply granted to 1Jis Ma-

Corporationo, a Jg>llty of Four Shillings be charged upon every

Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of such Corporation or Company.

Vol. 52 *

Duty cm Ad-

inuiion into Inns ot Court.

D°.

Duty on cr-

tnin uCcr Ad-ln.iiiuns.

Rtfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Four Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingroifinl, printed, or written, any Admission into any of the inns 01 Court, or Inns of Chancery.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jelry, a further Duty of Four Pounds Two Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Admission into any of the Four inns of Court.

Rcj'j/vedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Eight Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodlor, Notary, or other Officer, in any Court whatsoever, in Great Britain (not being an Annual Officer in the Court of any, Corporation, or inferior Court, whole Oliice is under the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites.)

Rejblvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, E°on Awards, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Pa; chment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, piinted, or written, any Award.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to Ills Majesty, a Duty ot Twcive Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of V ellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any beneficial Warrant or Order under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece c;f Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Bill or Note of Lading which shall be

D° on cert nn

Orders under tl r Sign Manual.

D on Bills of

Lading.

signed lor ported.

liny

Goods or Merchandizes to be ex-

Refulvedy That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

D° on Bonds.

is railing the auj

noly granted to His M;i-

That, toward

jesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Bond, not otherwise charged, except Bail Bonds and Alignments thereof, and except Bonds exempted from the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by an A cl passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of the Coal I Trade ot Great Britain, and for exempting certain Coall Documents from Stamp Duties.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the ' Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheer! or

D on Debentures.

Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Certificate or Debenture, for drawing-back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Cul-toms or Duties, for or in tv;poet of the re-shipping or exporting of" any Goods or Merchandizes from Great Britain.

Rtfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, P ouf That,"towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- CmS . '°majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Veiium or Parchment, or Sheet or

6 P Piece

C.

Duty on Conveyances.

D1 on Difpen-

fations.

D® on Exrm-j>i incut ions.

T>' on Letter *

Patent.

V9 on Ciranti

of Money.

D'of Land.

tVon InlVitu-tions or Licences.

514

iPiece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Collation to be made by any Arch-bishop or other Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, or which shall be made by any Patron whatsoever of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed w'hatsoever, which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Ten Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of One Pound be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Exemplification whatsoever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising die Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Eight Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding One hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal or Privy Seal, not directed to the Great Seal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Grant of Lands in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant of Profit, not particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal, the Seal of Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or Privy Sea!, not directed to the Great Seal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet . or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any institution or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever in England or any Writ or Instrument for the likePurpole, with any such institution or Licence, that shall be passed or made by any Prefhytery or other Spiritual Power in Scotland.

27" Jprilis.

J. 1797.

Duty on certain Inventories of Furniture, &c.

D° on Mam a e Licences.

D® on Pardons, &c.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Inventory or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or Effects, made with Reference to any Agreement, or for the Security of any Person, not otherwise charged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D° on Letters That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- of Miirt-jesty, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Letters of Mart.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm ittee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to JI is Majesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Licence or Certificate of Marriage (except of the Marriage of a Widow' of a Seaman or Common Soldier.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°onMatri-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- caLitlon:; jesty, a Duty of Four Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Matriculation of a Person in either of the Two Universities in England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Pardon (except the General Circuit or Newgate Pardons) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or any Warrant of Reprieve, or Relaxation from any pecuniary Fine or Forfeiture exceeding One hundred Pounds, or from any Corporal Punishment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D'onPafT-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- port!> jesty, a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, painted, or written, any Passport.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, DJoaProtefl». That, towards raising the Supply granted to lbs Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or- Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Protcft, or other Notarial Act whatever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°onKccrS' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- nizdJlceb jesty, a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, ot Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Recognizance, Statute Staple, or Statute Merchant.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D'onCernrt-

rr i J 1 - 1 c, 1 , . I 1 A T C3I.CS ot De-

Ihat, towards railing the Supply granted to 1 iis Ma- Kre?ntthe jesty, a Duty of Two Pounds be charged upon every Liuvcriities. Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Register, Entry, Tellimonia!, or Certificate, of any Degree taken in either of the Tw o Universities in England

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Fourteen Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any liegifter, Entry, Testimomal, or Certificate, of any Degree in any Inn of Court.

Resolved,

D at Inns of

Court.

37 Geo. III.

27

5

JOutv on Sin1-

re:»'!ers of Copyholds, &c.

upon every Skin or Piece cf Vellum or Parch->r Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which llull

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, charged That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Mi- ment, or Sheet or IJicce ot Ihiper, upor jesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every be ingrafted, printed, or written, any principal or 011-Shin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or ginal Sailine, taken or following upon any Mortgage,

Piece of Paper, upon which llin.ll be ingrafted, printed, Wadlct, Heretable Bond, Alienation, or Dii,

or written, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any or upon any Charter, Precept ot Clare Constat, Re-Copyhoid Land or Tenement (except such Copyhold tours, Apprizing , or Adjudications, of Lands or Te-Iztnd or Tenement as shall not exceed the clear Yearly ncments holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in

Value of Twenty Shillings, and also except the original hind.

Surrender to the Use of a Will) or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor (other than the Court Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered and enrolled.)

D° an Copies ©t‘Siirrer. ik»$ not lnin£ Co;)) lioui.

D°on certain

Tc.rioters of Slock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon ever)' Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be ingrafted, printed, or written, any principal or ori-iat, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- ginal Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service tv, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every or Cognition of Heirs, Charter of Saifme of any Houses, Skin or Piece of Vellum or "Parchment, or Sheet or Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage,

or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland.

OO 7 #

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-Copykold, which ill all pais by Surrender and Admit" jesty, a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every tance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or by Deed, except such Custom Right or Tenant Right Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, Lilates as shall not exceed the clear Yearly Value of or written, any Copy of any Will.

Twenty Shillings. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Dufy on certain Law In-liruments in Scotland.

Piece ot Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Copy of a Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Cullom Plight or Tenant Right Estate, not being

J> on Copies of Wills;

D° on Writs of Covenant, fee.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Almanack or Calendar for One particular Year, or for any Time Ids than a Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged

D° on certain

Law I aft rumours in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Transfer of Stock in any Company,

Society, or Corporation.

Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, jesty, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every printed, or written, any Citation or Monition, made Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or £ny Libel Allegation, Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, Deposition, or Inventory, exhibited in any Ecclesiaf-or written, any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine, tical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or any Writ of Entry for buffering a Common Reco- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, very. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or jesty, a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- or written, any Answer exhibited in any Ecclesiastical ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, ingrossed, printed, or written, any principal or original Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Instrument of Surrenderor Resignation of any Kief- That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-fuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, jesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Tithes, Mills, Fishings, and other heretable Rights, or Skin or Piece'of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or any of them, to be made to any of His Majesty's Sub- Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, jeds, who are, or shall be, the Superiors thereof, or to or written, any Copy of any Citation, Monition, or

Answer, made in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-

any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates, or others, who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignations, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion cf this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged jesty, a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be printed, or written, any Copy of any Libel, Allegation, ingrossed, printed, or written, any Charter or Reiigna- Deposition, or Inventor}', exhibited in any Ecclesiastical tion, Confirmation, Novodamus, or Charter, upon Ap- Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, prizing or Adjudication, made or granted by such Su- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, perior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Malt . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every

'That, towards railing the Supply granted to 11 is Ma- Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or jesty, a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, printed, charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- or written, any Sentence or final Decree exhibited in ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, or be ingrossed, printed, or written, any principal or ori- Cinque Ports, or any Copy thereof, ginal Retour of any Service ot Heirs, or any Precept Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee of Clare Constat of Lands or Tenements holding of That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland. jesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every

fc Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, printed, jesty, a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be or written, any Personal Decree, Warrant, or Monition, Vol. 52.. iii

D° on Almanacks.

IV on certain Pi ocmiings in the Lccle-lialtical aiui Admiralty Courts, N5.

I>,

D *

D.

D.

l)uty on certain Proceedings in the EccleiialUcal ami Admiralty Courts, & c *

t *

W.

JD3 on Newspapers.

Dd on certain Agreements.

i)° on Security Bonds.

P on Indentures, See,

£7° Ap *

A, 1797;

in any Court of-Admiralty, or the Cinque Ports, or any Copy thereof.

Refvhed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Sentence that shall be given in the Courts of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, or the Cinque Ports, exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction, or any Attachment that shall be made out of the said Courts of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Appeal from the High Courts of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Courts ot Canterbury or Tort.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Commission issuing out of any Eccle-iiallical Court in Great Britain,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny be charged for and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Agreement for which the Stamp Duties of Six Shillings and of One Shilling arc charged by Two Acts of the Twenty-third and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to IJis Majesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Bond given as a Security for Money, the Amount whereof shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, and a Duty of Ten Shillings where the Amount shall exceed One hundred Pounds and shall not amount to Five hundred Pounds, and a Duty of Fifteen Shillings where the Amount shall be of the Value of Five hundred Pound's or upwards; and the further Duty of Ten Shillings where the Amount shall be of the Value of One thousand Pounds or upwards; and the further Duty of One Pound where the Amount shall be of the Value of Two thousand Pounds or upwards; and the further Duty of Two Pounds where the Amount shall be of the Value of Five thousand Pounds or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, not otherwise charged, for which a Stamp Duty of One Shilling is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (except Indentures for binding Poor, Panlb, or Charity Children Apprentices)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee atyonp. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Pounds and "Pen Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Probate of a \Y ill, cr Letters of Adnuniffration, lor any Dilate of or above the Value of Three hundred Pounds; and a further Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings jvherc the Estate is of or above the Value of Six hundred Pounds; and a further Duty of Two Pounds where the Dilate is of or above the Value of One thousand Pounds; and a further Duty of Four Pounds where the Dilate is of or above the Value of Two thousand Pounds; and a further Duty of Five Pounds where the Dilate is of or above the Value of Five thousand Pounds; and a further Duty of Five Pounds where the Dilate is of or above the Value cf Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D onB‘]iS0| That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- 'aVi jessy, a Duty of One Penny be. charged upon every Skin or Piece, of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall bj ingrossed, printed, or wfritten, any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order-for the Payment of Money on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings; and a Duty of Two Pence where tuch Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds; and a Duty of Three Pence where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds; and a Duty 01 Four Pence where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds; and a Duty of Six Pence where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pound?, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ' d\ That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty ot Two Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Bill of Exchange, Drait, or Order, payable otherwise than on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds; and a Duty of Three Pence where Inch Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds; and a Duty of Four Pence where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds; and a Duty of Six Pence where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, towards raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty, a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Bill of Exchange whatsoever, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed Two hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i>on Policies That, towards raising the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, the Sum of Six Pence be charged \ early for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids Sum, that is or shall be in-futed by any Person in or by any Policy of Allurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, \\ ares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Low by hire in Great Britain,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, P'onGoU Thai, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for and upon all Gold Ihatc which shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed.

tuty on Silver Fate.

6 - - on Copies of Deeds.

P - - on Purchases of Lands, &c *

Turnpike

Duty.

Extracts of Letters relating to the Maroons, predated.

The Lords agree to a Conference.

37 Geo. III. 270 — 28° Aprilis. ' 51?

fayed, and marked, in Great Britain, a Dury of Eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for and upon all Silver Plate, which shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, affayed, or marked, in Great Britain, a Duty of Six Pence for every Ounce Troy, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person. other than the Person having, or being entitled to, the Custody of such Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of Four Pence for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money which shall arise, or be payable, by virtue of any Sale of any Interest1 in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, in any Freehold, Copyhold, Customary, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, in Great tain, or of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Sum equal to the Tolls now

Eayable for Carriages, I lorfes and other Cattle, of every >eicription, parting through any Turnpike Gate or Bar already erected, or hereafter to be erected, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, or that shall hereafter be parted, for making or repairing Roads in Great Britain, at the respective Gates or Bars, in Addition to the Tolls already paid there.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr.

John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extrads of Letters from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to the Puke of Portland, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 20th September and 21st December 1796.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Extrads was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Abbot reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference on the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of this Realm; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, as dc-fired, and appoint the same on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Vo h.5 .

Ordered, That Sir Benjamin Hammet have Leave to Lwre of go into the Country for 1 wo Months, on urgent prL AbfeiK vate Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujfey have Leave to go into the Country for Three Wccks, on urgent private Business.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Tention of in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present def-.-ctive Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of " false and unequal Balances," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lefevre, Mr. Pom's, See. i-And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day. for the Ssecond ® " toeoabl«. Reading of the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of heFcit of the East India Company to admifiifter Oaths to cer India Com- _

tain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to er'cemhl the said Company, against the Practice of buying and oath», defelling the Commands of such Ships, be now read. tend.

And the said Order being read accordingly , '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- Proceeding solutions and Proceedings of the General Court and eom nwe-Court of Directors of the India Company, from spectingh?ths the 10th March 1796, respecting taking up Ships for comm dei-T the Company's Servile by fair and open Competition of Shtps.tob (including the Report of the Court of Directors, and printed. Resolution of the General Court of that Day) and also the Proceedings of the said General Court and Court of Directors since that Period, respecting an Oath to be taken by the Owners of Ships in the Company's Sendee, that they have not fold the Command, and the Commanders that they have not purchased the Command, of the said Ships; as also the Proceedings of a special Committee of the Court of Directors, appointed to take into Consideration the present and future Situation of the Commanders relating to the Sub-jed of Oaths to be taken by the Owners and Commanders respecting the Sale of Commands, which were presented to the House upon Friday last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 37 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797.

Paryers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Considerttm tion the Petition of the thereunder-signed Free- tion p"t;tj0 holders of the County of Kent, wdio polled for, or ten- <lef rr«a. dered Itheir Votes for, Filmer Honyivood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee,'to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Anns was directed by Mr. Speaker,

6 Q to

Election Act of lull Session, read.

House to be talied over.

Names of able nt Members to be reported.

518

28" — 290

A.

1797.

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Ten Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The-Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Confederation, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glafies, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Fifteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lord William being drawn,

he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Clement Esquire,

was drawn, who, having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Seventy other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Two against whose Elections Petitions were depending; Fifty-one on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees; and Six as having voted at the Election.

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glafies, and read by Mr. Sjx'aker to the House; and it appearing that there wanted Twelve Names to complete the Lift of Forty-nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at the Bar;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, " might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That this House be

called over Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be tent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Refolded, That, when the House shall have proceeded Tomorrow to the Appointment of a Select Committee, for the Trial of the Petition of the there-under-ligned Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Filrner ivootl, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, and the Naples of the Members shall -be drawn and called for that Purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the Name of every Member so called, who shall be alifent from the House, to be set aside; and that a List of the Names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such Time as the House flaaft think tit to appoint.

9

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the Lift of the Those not e> Names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose Non-attendance, on the Appointment of the said CuiUuiy. Select Committee, a sufficient Excuse shall not be made and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be dil'charged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

And then the House was adjourned till morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

To-

Sabb alii 290 die Aprilis;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- KentEfcaio tion the Petition of the thercunder-signed Free- Petition, con-holders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or ten- uiered' dered their Votes for, Fi/mer Hony woody Esquire, at the \

last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Selecft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House vvas counted by Mr. Speaker, and Two hundred and Fifty-three Members being present j The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glades, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty-leven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dtindas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that being One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, he conceived it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by hinrbeing taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Secretary Dtindas having at the Table' verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excute for not serving on the said Committee, the Reafcns which he stated to the House on Tue/daXy the ift Day of November last, and being sworn thereto, he was exculed accordingly.

And the Names of Nineteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of John Baynes Garforthy Esquire, Sir Robert Mackrethy and Hugh Barlow,

Esquire, were drawn, who, having sworn that they'

-;'v': -ii .'La-

37 Geo. III.

290 Hprilis.

519

they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or up- Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike wards, were excused from serving on the livid Bills, had been complied with; and that the Commit-Committee; and the Names of Fifty other tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and Members, then present, were drawn, and set. had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); One. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow -cth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edmund Haworth being examined, said, That the

against whole Election Petitions were depending; Thirty-nine on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees; and Four as having voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being Road leading from the Town of

complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Lord William RuJJ'ell, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated ll'illiam Lushing, Esquire, to lerve on the said Committee.

aforesaid, through the Village of Over to the

Town of Blackburn aforesaid, is an High Road, and that there is no other Road from the Town of Bolton to Blackburn without going Nine Miles about; that there . are l'everal steep Hills on the said Road, and the fame

And Lilts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered is very indirect and circuitous, and in many Places so to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and "narrow, bad, and founderous, that Carriages loaded

King's Mef-iage rdpteft-Im; Loans to Ireland, and the Emperor, and for a Vote fit Credit.

cannot pass to and from the said Towns without muclr Difficulty; that the said Road is capable of being diverted, Ihortened, and made more level.

And the Witness further added, That the Manufactures carried on in the said Towns would be greatly increased and extended, if the said Road was amended,

the Counsel and Agents withdrew'.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Meilage from His Majesty to this House, fvgned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr.

Speaker (all the Members of the House being unco- widened, and repaired, vered); and is as followeth; viz. , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, GEORGE R. the Road from Bolton-in the-Moors to Blackburn, in the

His Majesty recommends it to the House of Com- County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley tnons, to consider of enabling His Majesty to make and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and stoke Kt-mde-Comraon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- '! I'lcloluI'= monable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, mitted. in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard,

Mr. ''James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the lordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of vigatio BilC

Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, to an Amount not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, on Provision being made by the Parliament of Ireland for defraying the Interest and Charges of a Loan to that Amount.

And His Majesty further recommends it to the House, to confvder of guaranteeing a Loan on Account of 11 is Ally the Emperor, to be applied to making good the Advances, to the Amount of One Million Six hundred thousand Pounds, which have already been made to his Imperial Majesty, and to defray the Charge of such farther Advances as His Ma- _ .

jesty may, from Time to Time, direct to be made in the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their agreed to

Leave of Ablrnce.

Bolton and BLckburn Koatls Petition, reported.

the Course of the present Year, to an Amount not exceeding Two Millions.

II is Majesty trults, that He shall experience the ready Concurrence of His faithful -Commons, at this important Conjuncture, in a Measur calculated to enable the Emperor the more effectually to continue his Exertions for the Support of the Common Cause, and for the Attainment of a general Peace, on secure and adequate Terms; and 11 is Majesty relies on their Zeal and Affection to provide for enabling His Majesty to defray such other Extraordinary Expences as may be necessary for the Public Service, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn have Leave to go into the Country for Tw'o Months, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Land Owners, Traders, and Manufacturers of Cotton, and others, living in and near to the Township of

Boltoii-in the-Moors, Over Darzccn, and Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Vol. 52.

several Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works, in such Act mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out " of Parliament."

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr. 13. Pr. 15.

Pr. 34.

1. 1. 1. io. 1. 10.) & n.j

1 23,) & 24.5 1-

& 14.J 1. 16.

1. 8/>

& 9.J

1. 7.

12

1 6.

Leave out " of Parliament. v

Leave out " of Parliament. "

Leave out " of Parliament. "

Leave out " of Parliament. "

Leave out " of Parliament. "

After " aforesaid " insert " except " such Pleasure Boats or other " Vessels, that from Time to Time " may pass to and from the said " private Water of the said Sir " Charles Grave HudJ'on, or the " Owner or Owners for the Time " being, for ever, of IVanlip Hall " aforesaid. "

In the Title of the Bill: Leave out " the " and insert " an," and in the same Line, leave out " of Parliament. "

And

Chaddefley Corbett Inclosure Bill, jceported.

Ways and Means, de ferred.

Address for Copy of the Treaty with the Maroons in 1740.

Bill for preventing Desertion of Seamen, deferred.

Bill to amend Attomits Duties A&, committed.

Foreign and East India Ships Bill, presented.

520 290 Aprilis. — 1° Malt. A. 1797.

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Poch'tn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath ' agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddej Corbett, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trne; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted-to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between Governor and the Maroons, concluded in 1740.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to " Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in " England therein mentioned," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allow-

ing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, futtendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for registering Ships built in the Settlements in Possession of the East India Coihpany:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bill for talcing

Order, a Bill for taking off the Bounty now payable ort h5i®Sun.t7

1/-,° , 7 . , f , on Sul Cloth,

on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to Ireland: And &c.presented,

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Kent Eleftioa returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Cora!Iutt" the said Committee delivered in to the House One of apt>oia e the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unllruft; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Lord William Russell, and William EsquirC,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Newborough, Henry Frederick Campbell,

Esquire, John Willet Willet, Ei'quire, William Petrie, Ef-

quire, the Honourable John Rawdthe Marquis of

Titchfteld, the Honourable Lionel Damer, Lord Frederick

Montagu, William Macdoivall, Esquire, Philip Golds

worthy, Esquire, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir

William Johnson, Baronet, Patrick Heron, Esquire, Lord

William Rufte/l, William Lushington, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes fer,

Honywood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members who did not appear this Day, on the Appointment of the BaltoTtoba Select Committee for Trial of the Petition of the reported, thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Filmer Honyivood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County (which Names were fetafide) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

LutieBy i° die Mali;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The lord *

Ord:' have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Barmouth Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving. Harbour Bill.

the

tsp1

iail

1

:;rj jju J *

yil:

u

VTu3';

Ul'Bt

'-L.,

-‘: a

1

Til

V.f i. K.

1

% U-

Renfrew Roads Bill *

Wfley Lone and Renfrew Raid Bill.

Perth Roads Bill.

Newcastle, See Roads BILL

lrlfti Annuities Bill.

Bill for confirming and continuing' Minute ot Council.

Ths Lords have pautd Perrotr's Effete Bill.

The Lords ne-

qurtf a Copy of Reports from Committee of Secrecy.

37 Geo. III.

Mail.

5 t

the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years.of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbalsof Glasgow to Fioak Bridge, and Rafter

Grange, in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching trom, or connected with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in PaijleyLone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of by or near

Park house,to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual, so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in lie pair, the Road from the West,

near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton Ponte:.md, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland, and also the Road leading from the said Road to the AlemoutkTurnpike Road; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making certain Annuities, created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and the Dividends thereon, payable, at the Bank of and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Nir.ety-seven, on Payments of Calli by the Bank; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have palLd a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of John Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees,

to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, arising from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said deviled Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant Building and other Leases of the said devised Estates; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords having under their Consideration an Enquiry touching the Caules which produced ' the Order of Council of the 26th of February last, and taking Notice that this House has appointed a Committee of Secrecy to examine and state the Total , Amount of outstanding Demands bn the Bank of England, and likcvife.of the Funds. for discharging the fame, and to report the Result thereof to this House, together with their Opinion on the Necessity1 Vox,. 52.

of providing for the Confirmation and Continuance for a Time to be limited, of Measures taken in pursuance of the Minute of Council on the 26th of February last, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings from lime to Time to this House, anti who were instrufted to enquire into the Necessity of issuing the Minute of Council of the 26th of February, and to report their Opinion, to this House concerning such Necessity, and what should appear to them to have been the Causes which produced the fame, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordlliips, a Copy of the several Reports made by the said Secret Committee to this House.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to t'i« Houft that Part of the Message from the Lords, which re- "

quests that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the several Reports made by the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Hfllam Incio-Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Fnftone,in the West Riding of the County of Ttirk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Burc/t, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the.

Speaker's Chamber. *

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and mitted. ' Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Burch, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dave's Eihte Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, Bill, com-devised by the Will of James Davis, Esquire, of and m,tte in several Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and'

Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying *

Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging In- cumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Ui'cs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.. *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Perron's Ef-Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of John Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, arising from such.

Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said devised Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein; named, to grant Building and other Leases of the said devised Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be lead a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hombyand Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain no Bdlco®. Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm mitted. ' and Customajy Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and

6 R Lordship

Petitions for reguliting Liverpool Pilots, reported.

Aberdeen Harbour Bill, committed.

Committee appointed to mi.in age riie Conference.

f>ort to be comm uni eaten.

522- i ° MaiuA. 1797.

Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of 'Tatham, in the consider of the' most effectual Means of promulgating County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have the Statutes of the Realm, be communicated to the omitted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Lords at the said Conference, together with the Relb-Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective lutions of this House thereupon.

Tenements, and for veiling the sole Property thereof Then the Names of the Managers were called over in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary and they went to the Conference.

Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing And being returned; 1

and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and Custo- The Mailer of the Rolls reported, That the Managers Conference

mary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the rePorted-due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Viscount Sydney > and said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of that the Managers had communicated to their Lord-Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and ships the said Resolutions, and defied the Concurrence Benefits to such of 'the said Tenants, not being Parties of their Lordships thereto, and had left with their Lord-to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, ships a Copy of the lame, together with a printed Copy conform to the Trulls thereof, with such Exceptions of the said Report, and Reservations only as are in this Bill mentioned, was

read a Second Time; Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee on

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, extending the Canal Navigation, and for the Lord Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty- BiliVibnd Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Chamber. making the said Canal, is committed, have Power to KecoiSs,"

fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gascoynereported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Muller Pilots and Jour- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Salter's Eftatt neymen Pilots of and belonging to the Town and Port for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, deviled by Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of the Will of Elliot Salter, Liquire, deceased, and for Vessels, of and belonging to the Town and Port of laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, were severally Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat- ments, to be conveyed to the same Lies, was read a ters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to re- Second Time. , _

port the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; Resolved, lhat the Bill be committed to Mr. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards nard, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's was read; and is as followeth; viz.Chamber.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Mr. IVallop reported from the Committee, to whom Basingstoke, present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Pilots for the , Bi!1 for continuing the Term, and altering and en- £££ % £ the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the larging the Powers, ct an Act, passed in the Twenty- reported.

Port of Liverpool, was read: And, eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Sylvester Richmond, Esquire, being examined, said, George the Second, for repairingand widening the Road That lonie of the Provisions and Regulations in the from through Hurt in, Overton, IT hit church,

said Act Hand in need of Explanation; and also fur- Httrjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the ther Regulations are necessary for the more complete!}' County of to a Place called Lobcomb,

effecting the very beneficial Design and Purpose of the the Parish of IT interjlo\u, in the County of , and said Act. of another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reign °l Hls present Majesty, for enlarging the Term the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the from over to Pond, as di-

Port of Liverpool: And that Mr. Gascoyne and Ge- re.ftV d by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of neral Tarleton do prepare, and bring in, the lame. his said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover through towards

' A Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Tangley, and from Charlton to Bottom, and from Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, Weyhillto Street, and allb the Road through the and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening said Town of and also for amending, widen-

others, leading to and from the said Harbour, was read ing> and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the a Second Time. County of Southampton, was committed; That the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allar- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, dyce, Mr. Ftrgvfon, See.: And they are to meet this and found the &me to be true; and that the Corn- .

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's miUce had gone through the Bill, and made several Chamber, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

him to report to the House; and lie read the ite-The Time being come, for the Conference with the Port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Lords, upon the Subject of providing more effectual with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Means for promulgating the Statutes of this Realm; the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Ordered, Tir.it a Committee be appointed to manage then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the said Conference: Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

And a Committee was appointed of the Master of the House. the Roils, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So- . OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be Iicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. ingrossed.

Serjeant Adair, Sir IVilHam Scott, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Hazvkins Browne, Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore have Leave to go into Leave of

Hobart. the Country for Six Weeks, on urgent private Bu- Absence'

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the Report which fmefs. . was made from the Committee who were appointed to Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher Fane have Leave

--yff

v'cf? rsN'; #- *

;. i>;

..dX

st]

\K

H|

37 Geo. III.

Mali.

523

to go into Health.

the Country for the Recovery of his

Kincardine

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to fervfe in this present Parliament for the Shire of , in the room of

Robert Barclay, Esquire, deceased.

Report of De- Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for Mr. Speaker

onfheBailot ° rePor to ie House the Names of the Members who for Kent did not appear upon Saturday last, when their Names Election Com-" were called, on the Appointment of the Select Committeje for Trial of the Petition of the thereunder-ligned Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make the said Report upon this Day Sevennight.

mittee, de fared.

Account of

Bills from St.

Domingo,

pruientoi.

Accounts to be printed *

Return of Deaths and Casualties in

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of all Bills from Domingo paid lince the 25th of December 1796, and also of the Amount of all bills from thence that have appeared at the Treasury, or of which Advice is received.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account i$ preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Fisher (from the Exchequer) be printed, as shall be fuincient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Whitehead,

ports made by the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

Ordered, That printed Copies of the said Reports be communicated to their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Lord Muncajdo go to the Lords, and deliver printed Copies of the said Reports as desired by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second foreign anti Reading of the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put sii/ps Ult under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges of Prize committed Ships, under certain Regulations and Restritftions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fadtors; and for registering Ships built in the Settlements in Possession of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for talcing off the Bounty on Sail Cloth &c. committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for taking oft' the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to Ireland, fie now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. PVilliam Baker presented to the House, accord- Westonlnclo-ing to Order, af Bill for dividing and inclosing the 'pr6n

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of West on, in the County

from the Transport Office, attended at the Door; he of And the same was received; and read the

the Transport was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Service, pre-feuted.

First. Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the Deaths and Casualties which have taken place in the Transport Service on the Station of A Petition of the Licensed Distillers in the Low-Saint Domingo, from the Commencement of the War lands'of Scotland thereafter subscribing, was presented

Lord Chot-mondclry's Estate Bill, .{tad.

to the 30th of September last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates in the County of Chester of the Right honourable George James Earl as Devisee for Life, under the Will of the Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the said Earl

Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in lieu thereof, was redd a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crezve, Mr. John Pitt, be.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of die Clock, in the Speakers Clumber.

to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Duty of 36. in lajld‘ Addition to the former Duty of iS. on the Gallon of Stills ul'ed in the Lowlands of Scotland,' and f. 4. in Addition to the former Duty of 2. ior. is laid on

Petition from the Distillers in the Lowlands of

PrintcdCopies of Reports from Committee of Secrecy fenr to tilt Lords.

the Gallon of Stills uled in the Highlands of Scotland; and that an Act of the Legislature has accordingly passed, imposing the proposed Increase on the Lowland Distillers, but that no Act has as yet passed for levying any Addition on the Highlands, and the Lowland Dil-tiller works therefore, at present, at the enormous Duty of j .54. Gallon, the Highland Dilliller only at £.2. 10 with an Exemption also from Malt Duty; and that the Consequences of this extraordinary Preference to the Highland Dilliller have been the Supply of Spirits for the Lowland Market by the Highland Smuggler, to the utter and inevitable Ruin of the fair Lowland Trader; and that, when the Licence Duty first commenced by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth of His Majesty's Reign, was laid on the Highland and 1. ioj. on the Lowland Dilliller (a Proportion loft Sight of in the Laws which have passed . The House proceeded to take into Consideration that subsequently) under positive Restrictions too, that a Part of the Mclfage from the Lords, of this Day, certain Quantity of Malt only should be dillilled in which requests that this House will be pleased to com- the Highlands — That the Barley, dillilled within the municate to their Lordships a Copy of the several Re- favoured Districts, lliould be the Growth of those Vol. 52, Districts,

Account of

Buis rro.n St. Domingo, ordered.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, Ac. in the West India III inds preferred.

King's Mef-

iage relpe t ing Loans, and for a Vote of Credit, considered.

Mellage referred to Committee of6up-

piy *

Committee of Supply.

524 i° Mail. A. 1797.'

Di Uriels, and should be consumed within their own Limits; and the Petitioners beg Leave to state, and are ready to prove to the House, that Smuggling from the Highland to the Lowland District has increased to an excessive Degree, proportioned to the progressive Increase on the Duty on the Lowland Trader, who now has no Sale whatever for his Spirits, and, being burthened with the Payment of heavy Duties, runs the Rifle of immediate Bankruptcy; and that the Petitioners ask only, from the Justice of the House, an Equality of Taxation, being ready to exert their utmost Endeavours to struggle, under a Principle of Equality, with all the Difficulties now attending their Manufacture; and that the Petitioners anxiously hoped for an Abolition of the Distinction which has for some Years prevailed in taxing the Distillation of Grain into Spirits in the Highlands and Lowlands, but, if that cannot be done, they entreat the House to take Measures to restore the Proportion between those Districts to the Proportion in which it flood in 1787; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that the Act, passed in the present Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Diflilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation " of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Englandcontains a Clause empowering the Legislature to alter, vary, or repeal the fame, in the present Session of Parliament; and the Petitioners are adviled, that, under this Clause, it is competent to the House, and to the Legislature, to relieve the Petitioners from the heavy Grievances under which they labour, either by diminishing the Duty now impoled in the Lowland District, or by raising the Duty imposed on Stills in the Highland District: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, to give the Petitioners such Relief as may seem just, and to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of the Matter contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bills drawn on the Treasury from the I Hand of Saint Domingo, from the Commencement of the War to the latest Period such an Account can be made out.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-

sage of Saturday last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That llis Majesty's said most Gracious Message be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mellage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom' it is referred to contider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fi r the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Reports, which have been made from the Committee of Secrecy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wilt pleal'e to' receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he Was1 directed by the Committee to move, that they may-have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will be pleased to communicate to this House, Copies of any Reports which have been made by a Committee appointed by their Lordships to enquire into the Causes which produced the' Order of Council of the 26th of February last.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the said Mellage.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock per Computation of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the ill of March 1796 to the ill of March 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,- ari' Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ill of March 1796 to the ill of March 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India Company's Goods from March 1796 to March 1797, the Charges and Profit on Private Trade, &c. and the Expences of Customs, Freight, and other Charges paid thereout, compared with the Average Eftirtiate of Receipts and Payments, as formed by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ratling the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Saturday iall be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House >resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refused the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

4 Ordered,

Reports from

Committee of Secrecy, feta red.

Message to the Lords f:ot Reports respelting the Order of Council of 26th Feb.

Accounts ordered:

East India Company' *

Stock.

D® Goodp;

]> Sales,

Bill for raif.nj a Sum by Annuities, ppeiented.

Committee of Ways and Means.

King's Message, referred.

i° — 2° Mail

37 Geo. III.

rs r

BUI to regulate the Trial of Causes, &c. deferred.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart alto acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refo/ved, That this House w ill, upon We due flay Morning next, relblve iti'clf into a Committee ot' the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arite within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Anno

Martis, 2° die Mali;

III"1 Regis, 1797.

3/

Georgii

Prate rs.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Proceeiings One hundred and Eighty-three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in; tirion.

And the Cour.fel and Agents for the said Petition of John Callaway and others; and the Counsel and Agents of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto iub-feribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Kle&ors of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City (being the Petition ot John Bunyerand others); and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members,-appeared at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, John and

others, informed the House, That there were Three separate Parties, on distinct Interests, before the House; for-that the other Petitioners Hated in their Petition, not only that the Sitting Members were ineligible to represent the City of Canterbury in Parliament on the last Election, but that (public Notice having been given at the said Election of such their Ineligibility) the Returning Officer ought to have returned George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Honywood (Candidates also at the said Election) as the Persons duly elected; whereas the Petitioners John Bunyer and others, for whom the said Counsel appeared, contended not only that the Sitting Members were ineligible, as mentioned in the other Petition, but that the said Mr. Gipps and Sir John Honyzvood were also incapacitated to serve for the said City, and prayed, that the Sitting Members,

Canterbury Election Petitions, conli-dered.

TMIE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- and also Mr. Gipps and Sir John might be

1 tion the Petition of John Callaway, John Minter, Edward Hambrook, Richard Richard Dixon,

JeJJe White., 'Thomas Salmon, William Mathers, James

Robert son, Robert Hayes Leggett, George James

Lawrence, William Laivrerfce, Charles Pittman Rou.fe, George Kirk by, George Kirk by Junior, Daniel Totaling,

Thomas Bcnford, William Bounds, John Soul bee, Richard

E/zvyn, Edward Goldfinch, James Charles Friend,

Thomas Henry Hud son, Thomas White, Thomas EdzvardHomer/ham, James Robert , John

declared to be ineligible to serve in the present Parliament; and that therefore, so far as the said Petitions related to Mr. Gipps and Sir John Honyzvood, the Interest of the respective Petitioners were separate and distinct.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners John Callaway and others, informed the House, That there were, in Truth, but Two Parties before the House; for that the Petition of John Bunyer and others, was, in Fadt, the Petition of the Sitting Members, and presented in Cheave/e, John Halbet, John Marrable, Henry Kirkby, John Collusion with them, for the Purpose of obtaining an

Pringuer, and William Thornton, in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Eledlors

undue Advantage in llriking the Lift of Forty-nine Members; and that he trulted the House would not permit Parties to be multiplied when they saw a Community of Interests.

The Counsel further Hated, That the Petition for which he appeared, was on the same Grounds with

of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same that which was presented againH the Sitting Members, City, complaining of an undue Election and Return when they were returned at the laH General Election; for the said City, being come; which having been referred to a Select Committee,

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a they were declared to be not duly elected.

Select Committee, to try and determine the Alerits of _ That the present Petition, presented by the same Peti-the said Petitions. tioners, complaining as before, Hates further. That at

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker the laH Election the Sitting Members, being incapable to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- of being elected, and the Electors having due Notice

Reports from the Committee ot Secrecy broiR-Iit from the Lords.

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Aleffiige from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships, having taken into Consideration the Melfage of the Commons deliring that

thereof, the Two other Candidates ought to be seated by the Select Committee.

That theie Petitioners, as againH the Sitting Members, might do all that could be done, and that the Sitting Members, on the other Side, might defend their own Seats, and recriminate on the other Candidates, and adduce Proof before the Select Committee to lliew that they also were incapacitated at the laH Election: That the Matter Hated in the Petition of Bunyer and others, viz. That the Sitting Members are not duly elected, is a mere Pretence; and that the Complaint

Copies of the Reports from the Committee of Secrecy in the same Petition, againH Mr. Gipps and Sir appointed by their Lordships might be communicated TT ' " ' ' r r "

to this House, had directed them to deliver the fame

to this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table.

Vol. $z.

Honywood, is irregular, and so far is not a Petition which the House would have referred to a Select Committee; and that the only regular Part is that which complains of the Sitting Members, which is not a dil-tindt Ground from that of the other Petition: That those Petitioners were not Candidates, nor did they

6 S vote

2(5 2° Mali. A. 1797.

vote at the Election: That they do not {late that they were present at the Elc&ion, but they Rate that they forbore to give their Votes; that Two of them are Journeymen in this Town, and Two others in low Circumstances, resident here: That it could not be supposed that Men of such a Description, were really distinct Parties in this Cause: That there must be Collusion, and that they clearly were Friends to one Party or the other: That Bunyer,who signs first, keeps a Public House in C/erketnveU,which, at the General hi led ion,

was open for the Reception of the Voters and Friends of Baker and Siiz&bri dge\fo that he and Horne, anot her of the Petitioners, were Instruments in those very Acts of Bribery, on the Ground of which their Petition is presented to the House: That after the First Election was declared void by the Report of the Select Committee, the Friends of the Sitting Members were again assembled and entertained at Burner's House, in order that they might be ready to let oft' for the Second Election, if they had been wanted, which proved not to be necessary: That John Dtirion, another of those Petitioners, had been heard to declare, that the Petition was not his own; and that Mr. Baker was competent to pay the Expence: That on the entering into the Recognizance for this Petition, Gardener Hoare, a Tenant of Mr. Baker s, being proposed as One of the Sureties, was rejected by the Examiners as insufficient, and afterwards the Reverend Mr. Rackett, the Brother in Law of Mr. Baker, was admitted in his Place: That on the Trial of the First Election before the Select Committee, Mr. Lozvten and Mr. Orme appeared as Agents for the Sitting Members; and that, on the present Occasion, Mr. Lozvten appeared as Agent for the Sitting Members, and Mr. Orme as Agent for those other Petitioners: And the Counsel further stated, that all the Five Petitioners voted for Baker and Saw-bridge at the First Election.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members stated to the House, That whatever might be the Views of the Two Sets of Petitioners on the other Side, he had prepared himself with a Nominee, who could not be admitted, if there were more than Two Parties before the House; and he submitted to the House, that what had been laid by the Counsel for the Petitioners Callaway and others, which might be supposed to affect, in any De gree, the Sitting Members, rested solely on their bare Alfertion, without any Proof whatsoever: And the Counsel stated, That he had no Controul over the Interests of the Petitioners Bitnyer and others; and contended for his Right of striking Eighteen Names from the Lift of Forty-nine, as in the same of Two Parties before the House.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners Burner and others, being heard by way of Reply, submitted to the House, That the Counsel for the other Petitioners had itated to the House several Circutnstances, but had produced no Evidence in support of them, that he was, therefore, unable to make any Reply to them: That he could date to the House, from his Instructions, that he was hostile to both Parties, and that he had Materials to shew that neither the Sitting Members, or Air. Gipps, or Sir John Honyzvood, were duly elected: That if there was any Fraud, he was perfectly unacquainted with it: That there seemed to be nothing before the House to prove Coliullon; and that he relied on the Statute of the Eleventh of George the Third, which he laid related to all Parties where a distinct Interest -appears: That he agreed with the other Petitioners that the Sitting Members were not duly elected; but that the Object of the Petition of Bunyer and others, is also to shew that Gipps and iHollywood arc not duly elected: That if the Select Committee should determine that the Sitting Members were ineligible, they would be out of Court, and would have no Power of Recrimination; then Bunyer's Petition would begin to have

Effeft: That if the Sitting Members were declared ineligible, Mr. Gipps and Sir John Honywood would take their Scats without Opposition; but if these Petitioners are admitted as Parties, they might be heard to prevent it: That he was hostile to all the Candidates, and contended that none of them were duly elected.

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

The House wras moved, That the several Petitions of John Callazvay and others, and John Bunyer and others, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament and also the Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate " the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament and also the Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to limit the " Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making " other Regulations touching the Election of Members " to serve in Parliament for Places within England " and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for " removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of u Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament;" and also the Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of " controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament " might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put. That the Petitioners John Callazvay and others, and the Petitioners John Bunyer and others, be permitted to appear as separate Parties,on distinct Interests;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel and Agents were again directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Petitioners John Bunyer and others, be not permitted to attend by their Counsel at the Bar, for the Purpose of forming the said Committee;

An Amendment wars proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " That" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " the Petition of John Bunyer and others, is " in Collusion wdth the Sitting Members, and therefore be rejected."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be inserted instead thereof be there added;

The House divided.

Yeas to the Right.

Noes to the Left.

Tellers for the Yeas, Boolle i\ 43'

TellersfortheNoes,} } ..

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the Counsel and Agents were again called to the Bar.

And the Counsel for the Petition of John Bunyer and others, informed the House, That in order to shew there was no Collusion between his Clients and the

Sitting

37 Geo. III.

2° Mail

527

Earl Spencer's Eliite Bill, reported, and paiied.

Sitting Members, he was instrufted, on their Parts, to give up his Right of interfering in the Appointment of a Nominee, and of striking the Names in the Lift of Forty-nine Members.

Then the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the same of there not being more than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the House.

Then the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glalfes, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty-one Members, then pre-(cat, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Jcjeph Richard]on, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not obje&ed to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William

bet, See. Inclosure Bill, reported.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.'

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fapie, without any Amendment.

Sir Richard Hill reported from, the Committee, to Moreton Cor-

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands in the several Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Shawbtrry, Stanton upon Him

Heath, and Hodnet,in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,' and found the tame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, being drawn, he Amendments thereunto, which they had direifted him offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

the said Committee, the Reasons which he Rated to the House on Tuefdavthe iff: Day of November laR; and being iworn thereto, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excule lor not serving on the said Committee, the Kealuns which he Rated to the House upon the 17th Day of rd'-t.a.'-ylaR; and being sworn thereto, he was

excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QueRion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, Bridgnorth to whom the Bill for repairing or re-building the Bridge Brnige Bill,

I O O O w norted

over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in 1 the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Ave- nues thereto, was committed; That the Committee Names, the Name of Sir Richard King was had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found drawn, who, having sworn that he was Sixty the same to be true; and that the Committee bad Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments serving on the said Committee; and the Names thereunto, which they had directed him to report to of Sixry-eight other Members, then present, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; were drawn, and let aside; Fourteen on Ac- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-count of tiicir being Sixty Years of Age, or rnents, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend-upwards, before ftvnrn; Four as then serving ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second on Sele.ft Comniiaees; and Forty-nine on Ac- dime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally count ui having, in this Section, served on Sc- put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

led Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Pcthioners John Callaway and others, nominated Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lifts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroiied Bill lrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Ellatcs at Alappowder and Plujh, in the County of Dorset, and Inkpen and Kinthiry, in the County of Berks, deviled by the Will of John, late Earl Spencer, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, on the said Bight honourable George John Earl Spencer, settling in lieu thereof, to the Uses and upon the Trulls of the said Wiil, his Etlate at Chapel Brampton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the That Provision be made for guaranteeing the Payment LoautoI>> Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- of the Dividends on a Loan of Three Millions Five mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised on i\c count House, without any Amendment: And he delivered of the Emperor, on the Terms and Conditions foliow-the Bill in at the Clerk's Table, ing; that is to say; That every Contributor, for every

Vol. 52. One

The Lord Muncasler reported to the House, That Copies of Re-lie had, according to Order, been with the Lords, and comrii«eeof delivered to their Lordships printed Copies of the fe- Secrtcy deli-veral Reports made by the Committee of Secrecy ap- red(Istotlie pointed by this House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred p‘y‘ to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's "Fable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Advances to That a Sum, net exceeding One Million Eight hun- the EmPeror died and Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Advances, by Way of Loan, for the Service of the Emperor, at fufti Times, and in such Manner, as His Majesty shall judge most expedient.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Guarantee of

2° Mail

Remittances to Ireland.

Bill for raiding a Sum by Annuities, committed.

Report Ways and Means.

Inilalmenton

Loan.

528

One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, shall be entitled to the Principal Sum of Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings, £.3. per Centum Annuities, to be consolidated with the Annuities of £.3. per Centum, guaranteed by an Act of the Thirty-filth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends " on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand " Pounds to the Emperor of Germany" and that P10-vision shall ailo be made for guaranteeing the Payment ol a Sum equal to £. 1. per Centum per Annum of the Capital to be created by such Loan, to be applied to the Reduction thereof.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable H is Majesty to make Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, on Provision being made, by the said Parliament, for defraying the Interest and Charges of a Loan to that Amount.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill.be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Morniarjon, Mr. John "Thomas To:cn/hend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Thirteen M illions by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itielfinto a Committee of the whole I louie, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole- 1 louie, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor towards railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions, to be raised by virtue ol any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, who shall be possessed of any Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum " of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities," which shall bear Date after the ill Day of May 1797, and which shall become payable on the 25th Day of AugnJI 1797, shall be at Liberty to pay or deliver in the lame, on Account of the Instalment whichMhall become due, by virtue of the Act to be passed as aforesaid, on the 26th Day of May 1797, and such Exchequer Bill or Biils shall be received as Money by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed as such to the Credit of such Contributor, provided they are i flued on that express Condition, and their Amount and Number entered in a List to be made out for that Purpose by the Commissioners of 11 is Majesty's Treasury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 9

A. 1797.

That every Contributor towards railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions, to be raised by virtue of any Act to be passed in the present Session ol Parliament, who shall advance and pay unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any such proportional Part or Parts of the Sums by him or her to be contributed as shall be limited to be paid ,on or before any particular Day, by Instalment, before the Day on which such Instalment shall be made payable (such propoitionate Parts not amounting to the Whole of his or her Contribution) shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of each Sum so paid in Advance for completing any such Instalment shall amount unto, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day of completing the same to tire Day on-which the same shall be made payable by virtue of the said Act.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raisinu; the

\ O

Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. Mainrearing presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engroiiing of Live Cattle: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Tire Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bili for preventing the Dcfcrtion of Seamen from Rritijk Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and lllands in the West Indies, was committed;

And the Iloule being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bid;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made (eveial other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Hobart accordingly reported Pom the Led Committee, the Amendments which tire Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had ft.-ccicd him to report 'to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afteiwards delivered the Bin, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: v\ here the

Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be ponied, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members oi the H mfe.

Or dei y,/, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th Dav of April last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday, the 25th Day ot ims lniiaut Mgr,

the

Bill for preventing the

Fore'1, ailing, &c. of Live Cattle, presented.

B'll for preventing De-feition of Stamen, recommitted,

considered.

reported.

Shre vfbury Flection Petition, deferred.

Committee on Fo'Ti n ind Eirt India

thips Bill *

Committee on

Bill for taking oft' the Bounty on Sail Uotii, Si c.

Treaty of

Commerce with America to he con-Ikkred.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &:c. in the West India I Hands, committed.

Norfolk Af-lizes Bill, deferred.

Canterbury Election Committee appointed.

37 Gto. III. 2 — 30 Mail. 529

the Petition of John IJi!/, Esquire, Complaining of an said Lids, which- had been (truck by the said Counsel undue Election and Return for the Borough of Skreuf-in his Presence, together with a new Lid of the Names bury,might be read. , of the Thirteen Members then remaining undruck; to

And the said Order being read accordingly; which last mentioned Lid the Names of Joseph

Ordered, That the said Order be dii'charged. Esquire, and Shaw Esquire, being

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into ten- added, the same was called over; and is as follows: sideration upon Saturday,the 30th Day of September Jeffries Allen, Esquire, John Esquire, Andrew

next, at Three of the Ciock in the Afternoon. Esquire, Thomas Richard Beaumont, Esquire, Sir

Memorandum: Hawkins, Baronet, Lord Viscount Morpeth,

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders William Hamilton Nijbet, Esquire, William Ei-

for their Attendance accordingly. quire, Sir Gilbert Baronet, Thomas

Esquire, Holden Strutt, Esquire, Sir Thornes Frank-The House, according to Order, resolved itself into land. Baronet, the Lord Grey, Joseph Esquire,

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire.

granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's And the said Fifteen Members, being thcSelcct Corn-Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain mittee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Callaway, John Edward Richard

Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exer- Ha mb rook, Richard Dixon, 'White, Thomas Salmon, cite the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for William Mathers, James Robert Jon, Robert Hayes Leggett, regidering Ships built in the Settlements in Possession George Cu/mer, James Lawrence, of the East India Company. ' Charles Pittman Rouse, George George Kirkby

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Junior, Daniel Thomas William

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. John Southee, Richard Eleven, Edward Goldfinch, James

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Eleven, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Thomas

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they White, Thomas Richardson, Edward Hemetji,am, James

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Hcmcr/ham, Robert Fea, John John Halbet, John

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- Henry Kirkby, John and William

port, when the House will please to receive the same. Thornton, in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Morning. City of Canterbury, and County of the same City; and

also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names The House, according to Order, resolved itself into are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and . a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for others, being lawful Eletdors of the City of taking off the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and and County of the same City, were sworn by the Clerk

Canvas exported to Ireland. at the Table in the usual Manner.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. - forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections, they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow report, when the House w ill please to receive the same. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- i________________ —

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

A Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 29 th Day o I March hit, for reading a Second Time,

Tomorrow, the Bill for holding the Lent Atfizes for the County of Norfolk at the Caitle of Norwich, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 31 (t Day of this Instant

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the VoL. 5a.

Mercurii, 30 dieMaii;

Anno 370 Georgii III,!i Regis, 1797:

Prayers.

ORD Viscount Stafford reported to the House, Agfiwsto That their Address of Wednlaft (that His Addjdlcs- Majesty would be graciouifly pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House the printed Proceedings of the Legislature of Jamaica, as far as respects the late War with the Maroons of Town, in

the said Kland) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Treaty between Governor Tre/awney and the Maroons, concluded in 1740) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Accounts the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- from Chani-tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, fitefpreknted presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of l'everal Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the

6 T, Relief

Bridgnorth Bridge Bill, passed.

Newgate Debtors Petition.

530 30 Mail. . 1797.

Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1796: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of cleansing and repairingBlackfriars Bridge, from the 29th of September 1795 to the 29th of September 1796: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, oppoiite Ckijwell Street, towards the Eail, into Bishopsgate Street, &c. from the 29th of September 1795 exclusive, to the 29th of September 1796 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase thepre-sent Toils and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, from the 3 ill of December 1795 exclu five, to the 3lit of December 1796 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of Lon don and Liberties thereof, and for paving, enlightening, and cleansing the Streets, Lancs, &c. within the City and Liberties aforesaid, from the 29th of September 1795 exclusive, to the 29th of September 1796 inclusive: And ailo.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Common Sewer, in New Bridge Street, Blackfriars, from the 31st of December 1795 exclusive, to the 3 ill of December 1796 inclusive: And al lo,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Lem pie Bar, and for making a more commodious Street or Paitage at Snow Hi//, from the 31st of December 1795 exclusive, to the 3ill of December 1796 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing or re-building the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing or re-building the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners (in Number 210) confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Number of the Petitioners have been confined in this Prison from Three to Four Years, with l'carcely any Thing but the Gaol Allowance to lubfift upon, to the great Detriment of their Healths, and Ruin of their Families; and that, without the Interference of the House, the Petitioners have the gloomy Profpcd of perpetual Imprisonment before their Eyes, and as this Prison, in particular, is at present lo crowded, that there are from 15 to 25 Persons confined in One Room, comparatively small, they consequently have every Thing to fear from Epidemic Diseases: And there-

fore praying the House to take their distrelfing same into immediate Consideration, and that some Mode of Relief may be granted, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Necessity of their same requires, and to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. L\gon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashelworth, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property assessed to the Land Tax at £. 11. or. $d.> and that the Whole of the Property is aiicfled at £.86. 145. 10dr, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Onoe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inciof-ing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddejlcy Corbett, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddejley Corbett, in the County of Worcester,

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little IVII-bra ham, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of £.49. a Year, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed are of the Annual Value of £.638, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

A Hi el worth Inclosure Bill, reported.

ChaddrHey Corbett Inclosure Bill, jvuied.

Turtle Wil-braliam Inclosure Bill# reported.

37 Geo. IIL

3° Ma

S31

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be keeping in Repair, the Road from BoPton-in the-Moors

to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ingro fled

W vmoiith and'M c-iiibc Keg is V.tur yfiddly rc-

Mr. Tucker Steward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Beyer, in Behalf of himself and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Aqueduct Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the 1 ionic; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John King being examined, laid, That the Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of I4reymouth and Me!combe ICyis, in the County of Dorset, labour under great Inconvenience for the Want of Irelh Water; and that the Petitioners are in PoTelilon wholesome good W ater, v. hich f1 own Expence to convey to the i;ud Town, which will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be gbvn

r )

suppivbig the Borough and Mel combe Key is, and the l\irm. of Dorset, wirii V\.uAm! i! Sir James Pulten.x, Mr. Car:!: Stuart, do prqme, a!id orb

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal bring in a Bill for Highness the Prince o {Wales, His Royal Highness

of a Stream of pure v are willing at their

of ITermouth and i' ".cent, in the County

Mr. "Tucker Steward, ore, and Mr. Andrew , the Tame.

B.iiinfrstoke, vf'f, <xc. Bill,

A si ingrossed Dili Or continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, nailed in the Tiventy-eigiith War of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basin.fi-ke through Overton,

H idlehtirch, Hurjborn Errors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parilii of in the County of Wide, and ofanother Act, made in the Four-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road from over to

Mullens Bond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-nint'.i Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover through

the Duke of 7'ork, His Rdyal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High > Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon, and the Earl of Liverpool, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Kcstriction contained ifl the Minute of Council, of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-Seven, on Payments of Calli by the Dank:

An Act for making certain Annuities created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland transferrable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England-, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Dank of England:

An Act for discharging the Estates of John Teldham,

Charlicntowards Tanglev, and from Charlton to Clanfield

Bottom, and from Waybill to Sarfon Street, and also the Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Road through- the said Town of Bajingjlokc, and also Conditions therein mentioned:

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual. Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the dime, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River:

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick:

An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth:

An Act for enabling the 'Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contrafted in the making thereof, and for amending an Act, passed in the

far amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, palil-d in the Twenty-eigiitn \ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Bajimjtokethrough WOverton, Whitchurch,

Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb -

Bolton and

Blukbum Itoads Bills, prekated.

ner, in the Rarilli oi WinterJlow, in the County of IP ills, and ot another Act, made in the Fourteenth lear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Rowers of the said Act, for including the

Road from Spittle house over I Vex hill to Mullens Pond, as . _ _ r , cu \f

directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Flurty-first Yeair of the Reign of Hu of his said Majesty KinP George the Second, and for for making the said Navigation, and several other amending t he Roads from Andover through Charlton Works, in such Act mentioned: -a

towards Tables, and from Chariton to Clanfield Bottom, An Act for regulating and converting the Sta ute La

and from Wes hill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road bour in the County of Fife, and fof *

through the 'laid Town o f Basingstoke, and also for ing and repairing the Highways wiitlimt amending, wideri , and keeping in Repair, certain An Act for enlarging the rerm and Powers ot three other Roads in fte County of Southampton!several Acts passed in tljThirty- heR n Ordered, That Mr. Wallop do carry the Bill to the of his late Majesty, and in the First and Eign T ords and dcUr t'vi- Concurrence Years of the Reign of His present Majest), foi repair

L ' d d ir" t4 vU C ing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Fork, so for as the same relate to the Road from Order, a Bill lor amending, widening, altering, and field to Sheffield:

Vol. 52.

Act

Koval A Bent to Bills *

53$ 3° Mai A. 179 7.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an >A.ft, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relate to the lload from Penistone 'to Sheffield:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll, House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the new Bridge of Clafgozv, by or near Earkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbals of CL few to Floak Bridge and Easter Grange, in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing cc'rtain other Roads in the said County, branching from, or connected with, the Roads mentioned in the said Acts:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectuab so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain lloads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff , and the Branches thereof:

An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the IVefl Cow-gate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont el and, High aw Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfiy Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River IFanfipcck, in the County of Northumberland, and allb the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road:

An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, the Public High Road leading from Mihithorp to Kirk by Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland:

An Act for cffcftuating a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of John JVodehouse, Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Charlotte Laura IFcde house:

An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Samuel Brozvne, Merchant, to settle the Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the Marriages of his Daughters, Pleasance, the Wife of Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hefer, the Wife of Jacob Henry Afley, Esquire:

An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estates of George Haffell, Esquire, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Francis Chaplin, Esquire, and Theophihts Buckworth, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, Walles, and Waste Grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also a certain Common Meadow, and all other Commonable Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Brough-ton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County of Bedford.

Lancaster Sef- Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

(ions Petition, the Petition of the Justices of the Peace acting in and teporte . for the County Palatine of Lancaster, \yhofe Names

3

are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was readj and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James , Taylor, Esquire, Deputy' Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, being examined, said, That the Sessions in the said County are Quarterly held in Four Sub-divisions, at which it is usual that the Justices of the Peace only attend who reside in their respective Districts; and the Justices finding, that when they acted in the Business that concerned the County at large (in which they had all an equal and concurrent Jurisdiction) it was expedient they should be assembled together, did appoint, some Years past, that an Annual Session should be held in a central Part of the County, at which the auditing the Treasurer's Accounts, the appointing of Officers in the Nomination of Justices of the Peace, who are paid out of the County Rates, and the discharging of all Business that related to the County at large, flhould be transacted: That the said Session was held for many Years to the Satisfaction and Advantage of the County, but it hath been lately found, that it is liable to be disturbed, and the Establishment of the Annual Session cannot be supported without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Courts of Quart er Sessions of the Peace in and for me County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr.

Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Kosd iL£ from Ate ham through Condover to Dorrington, and also paiicd. the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called AUfield Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shvewfbury to Ludlow, at a Place called Monger hill, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed. to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 14. To leave out " or other Buildings,'1 and inlert " and Outbuildings" instead thereof.

Pr. 18. 1. 27. After " Cattle" to insert " or," and.

to leave out from " Beasts" to.

" upon," in 1. 28.

1. 37. To leave out from cc Cattle" to " so," in 1. 38. and inlert " or " Beasts" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham through Condover to Dorrington, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called AUfield Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlow, at a Place called Monger hill, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, arid other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

njke

37 Geo. III.

3° Mali.

IVykeRegis, in the County of Dor jet, was read the Third Time.

An ingroiled Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That no Exchange shall be made by Spiritual Persons, without the Content of the Ordinary.

And the said Clause was Thrice: read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Regis, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker Steward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

F.r-lof Ash- Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom e ie -ir oilkd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, reported, for effectuating an Exchange between the Right ho-and passed. nourable John Earl oi Ajkbur,them and the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury,of the Advowson of the Rectory of Sirj.cLl for the Advowson of the Vicarage of

bumham,both in the County of Si (fix, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Tyrveldtt Drake have Leave to

fence' go into the Country for a Fortnight, on urgent private

Affairs.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Bronte have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, on urgent private Affairs.

Uzhi -he1"" The Order of the Day being read, for the Second County Rate Reading of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the for MidiU-'itJc, Peace for the County of Middle at their General coiuinu.ul. or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being proposed, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a.Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 6th and 24th Days of April la ft, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Count'd, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Byttg, &c.: And they are to meet this ' Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

ti/rd'iica- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the

m oithe oufo» That he had a Melfage from His Majesty to

Princess Roy- V OL.

al>

this House signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Air.

Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz,

GEORGER.

His Majesty, having agreed to a Marriage proposed between the Princess Royal and the Hereditary Prince of IVirtembergh, has thought fit to communicate the same to this House. His Majesty is fully persuaded that this Alliance with a Protestant Prince, lo considerable in Rank and Station, and who is connected with His Majesty's Royal Family, by their common Delcent from the Princess Sophia of Hanover, cannot but be acceptable to all His faithful Subjects; and the many Proofs which He has received of the affectionate Attachment of this House to His Person and Family, leave Him no Room to doubt of the Concurrence and Assistance of this House, in enabling Him to give such a Portion to His elcieft Daughter as maybe Ratable to the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

R.

Resolved, Nernim Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addrefsthere-

dress be presented to His Majesty, to return His Ala- upon' jesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between the Princess Royal and the Hereditary Prince of bergh; to express the Satisfaction of this House at this Alliance with a Protestant Prince so considerable in Rank and Station; and to allure His Majesty, that the House will immediately proceed to the Consideration of His Majesty's Gracious Aleftage, in such a Manner as shall demonstrate the Zeal, Duty, and affectionate Attachment of this House to His Majesty, a just Sense of the eminent Virtues and Merit of Her Royal Highness, and a due Regard to the Honour and Dignity of the Royal Family.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.'

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take First Report into further Consideration the Report which, upon nt7ee on°m T/tmfiay last, was made from the Committee, appoint- Waste Lands, ed to take into Consideration the Aleans of promoting COilil the Cultivation and Improvement of the Watte, Un-inclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable Fields, Common Aleadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed. re-committed. Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of all Advances, now out-Handing, made to his Imperial Majesty, above the Sum ordered, of f. 1,600,000.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill to reding next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole auf« House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the d.eten d.' Trial of Caulcs and Indictments, which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

6 U

Committee of W'.ys and Means i

Supply, deferred.

Bill forraif-i'-iiy a Sum by Annuities, deterred.

Foreign and Knit India Ships Bill, reported.

Bill for taking oil the Bounty on Sail Cloth, &c. reported.

534 3 — 4'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblvcd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mprn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities;

Resolve d, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Rcftnctions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, lurrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fuftors; and for registering Ships built in the Settlements in Possession of the East India Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tlfcn a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking oft the Bounty now payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to Ireland, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the> Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, it the said Bill shall be then in-gr oiled.

'Mail A. 1797.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Gover- demn fying nors; Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as Governors, such, in the West India (Hands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commo- ifund . dities in Foreign Bottoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. McDowall have Leave to make -Biiitoconti-a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the pueAa toal-

p, , 0 low the Banks

vAOCK. # in Scotland to

And he moved the House accordingly; and, iirue certain

An Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, es,order-intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a " certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indamnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. ilFDowall and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 40 die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-

tion the Petition of James John Vafjar, Esquire, F.ieitlonVcti complaining of an undue Election and Return for the tion,deferred. Borough of Malmejhury,being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-five Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

; jn

r:r

:J;r.

Vi'-:

TYr

Ud

l<v.

iy 1 he

I;-,

37 Geo. III.

5

Mail.

Teener is, 50 Mail;

Anno

Prayers.

3 7

Georgii

III"1 Regis, 1797.

M.ilmefbury Election Petition, considered.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of James Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malmejhury, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker

cumbrances, and for laying but the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be lettled in lieu thereof, and t to the same Ut'es, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was deviled by the Will of Anna Maria Widow,

and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Gough, Widow, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be

fcachevereir$j &c. Partition Bill.

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Lords have agreed to

Whitney Bridge Bill.

Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of rence of this House, the lteign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary

the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, lb as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive, and for altering and amending the

undivided Moieties, to such Ul'es as by the said Wills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respectively; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concur *

Cooke's Divorce Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-seven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.-And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of

Proceedings

onMalmefbuty

Election

Petition.

Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glades, and

Mollington

His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inclosure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common or Walle Land, in Mollington, in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick:, within the Parish of Cro-predy, in the said County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

WMrchurch The Lords have agree; .! tQ the Bill, intituled, An Indoiure Bill. Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, except the Commonable Lands lying within the Borough of Whitchurch, and except the Common Arable Field called The Burgage Field; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Comrpon Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, with in the Parish and Liberties of in the County of

Northampton (except such Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie

Whittlebury Indoiure Bill.

drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twelve Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Bragge, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member,

And the Names of Thirty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to *

'And the Name of Boyd Alexander, El'quire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventy-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and let aside; Fifteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Two against whole Elections Petitions were dtpending; Six as then serving on Select Committees; and Fifty-one on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete. Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter have Leave to go into the

Aihcott inclosure Bill, with Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Taylor's Effete Bill.

within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whit-

tlezvood or Whittlebury); and for extinguishing a Right Country for Six Weeks, for the Recovery of his of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground Health, within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long

Hedge; without any Amendment: And also, Mr. Jofuta Smith reported from the Committee, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Com- Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, mons and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Aficott, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and in the County of Soma Jet; with some Amendments; Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tithing of to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concur- in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to rence of this House: And all'o, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Names are thereunto subscribed, 'Proprietors of Lands for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Charles William within the Hamlet of Eaferton, in the Parish of Market Taylor, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold for paying In- in the county of ; and also, the Pe-

Vol. 52. tition

I eave of Ab fence.

Eaffcitou inclosure Bill, reported.

53 5 0 Mail A. 1797.

tition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates within the Hamlet of Easterin the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of were severally re-

ferred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing Two of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bunny Inclo- Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do make the Report iure_ lll> rc‘ from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and ' inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

Mr. Andrews accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that all the Parties interested therein were conlenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be time; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Trent and Mr. William Egerton reported from the Committee,

BCi' nf ortedS to w lom the Bill to enable the Company of Pro-n, r<.poi c . j)r|etors Qf the Navigation from the to the

jh', to extend several Branches of Canal from and out of their laid Navigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the T Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lilt, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Betubn from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are a r-imu the thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and paying to the

four Bill. Relief of the Poor of the Parish in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And praying, That the said Bill may not be palfed into a Law, or, if it is,

that the Petitioners may be exempted therefrom, and not affected thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Perron's for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, deviled Elfclte.jJ,lJ? by the Will of John Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in conuuittt ‘ Trustees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, arising from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said deviled Estates; and for laying out the'Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant Building and other Leases of the said devised Estates, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to.meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in Ashelworth doling, the Open and Common Fields and Mea- i»cloiure Bill, dows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste pJ e ' Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashel-worth, in the County of Gloucester,was read the Third , Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 10. To leave out " Ten Days" and insert " One Month" instead thereof

Pr. 17. 1. 23. To leave out " Fourteen Days" and insert " One Month's" instead thereof.

Pr. 24. 1. 8. To leave out from " Cafes " to " shall," in 1. 9, and insert " the " Party or Parties whose Claim " shall be rejected or disallowed " by the said Commissioners," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of in

the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, JnlbroSce An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church Bill, Church of Milbrooke,in the County of Southampton, as1' 1110-

and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. I.33. Leave out " Minister or Curate" and insert " Rector."

1. 34. After " being" insert "orCurate."

1. 36. Leave out " him " and insert " the " said Rector."

Pr. 10. 1. 36.,) Leave out " Rites and Ceremonies"

& 37./ and insert " Use."

Pr. 11. 1. 39. Leave out " be " and insert " have " been."

1. ult. Leave out " conlccrated," and in the same Line, after " for " insert " the Celebration of."

Pr. 12. I. 1. After "Service" insert "shall be " consecrated, and for ever set " apart as a Place Lr the Cele-

" bration

37 Geo. III. 5 0 M537

" bration of Divine Worlbip, according to the Ul'eof the Church " of England, as now by Law " estabjished."

JPr. 12. I- 3. After " aforesaid " insert " flin.ll be " conl'ecrated, and for ever let " apart for the Burial of the " Dead, and the said new Church " and the said Church Yard lb to " be added as aforesaid."

1. 7. Leave out from " "to

" and " in Line 8, and insert " aforesaid, and subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of " the said Diocese, in the same " Manner as the old Church."

1. 9. After " Service " insert " according " to the Use of the Church of " England, as now by Law established."

1. 14.) Leave out from " performed" to & 15.,) "in " in Line 17.

1. 21. Leave out from " Manner " to " in" in Line 25.

1. ult. Leave out from " Yard " to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 14. 1. 32. Leave out from " Reftor" to " of" in Line 34.

Pr. 15-. 1. 6. Leave out " Minister or Curate."

Pr. 26. 1. 39.,) Leave out from " aforesaid " to the & ult. j End of the Clause, and insert " it " shall and may be lawful for the " Rector of the said Parish, his " Curate, or the officiating Minister, to publilli the Banns of " Marriage between the inhabitants of the said Parish, to " solemnize Marriages of such " Inhabitants by Bann or Licence, and to perform all other " Offices belonging to their facred Funftion in the Parish " Church of; and the Banns so published, and the Marriages so solemnized, and Offices so performed, shall be as " good and valid in the Law as " if the same had been published, solemnized, and performed " in the said old Church."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Whittle fey General Adcane reported from the Committee, to

wjwned. ll> whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of V/kittin the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as the same relate to the lands lying in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 348 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill, and also except the Owners of 350 Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole Property affected by the Bill conlifts of 5,893 Acres, or thereabous; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to Vou 52.

oppose the Bill); and that the Chmlnittce had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ‘Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

An ingrossied Bill for dividing, allotting, and in Moreton Co> closing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, in the fe- lohire jjaf, veral Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Stanton paired.

upon Hine Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer- 1 tain Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Shawbury, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop-.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answer t their Address of IVedm)day lath (to return His Majesty tU5‘ the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between the Princess Royal and the Hereditary Prince of IVirtem-bergh; to express the Satisfaction of this House at this Alliance with a Protestant Prince so considerable in Rank and Station; und to assure His Majesty, that the Houffi will immediately proceed to the Consideration of His Majesty's Gracious Message, in l'uch a Manner as shall demonstrate the Zeal, Duty', and affectionate Attachment of this House to His Majesty, a just Sense of the eminent Virtues and Merit of Her Royal Highness, and a due Regard to the Honour and Dignity of the Royral Family) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was plealed to return this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I give you My Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address, which I receive with the greatest Satisfaction, as a lrelh Proof of the personal Regard you have ever shewn to Me and My Family.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to i.ancai»w Set-Order, a Bill for obviating and removing Doubts (ioils Bill, respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the Prc,cuU<,‘ General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancojlcand for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to amend last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pre- Aftforprevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, Fnu'a'fin the " and Sale, of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts re- packing, &c. " lating thereto," might be read. oideredT *

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr. Alderman Lujluugton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Ac 0,m7> Orders, pre u,te< *

An Account of all Bills drawn on the Treasury from Bills from the Bland of Saint Domingo, from the Commencement St‘ Doliu/1S°-6 X of

5° Mali. % A. 1797.

of the War to the latest Period such an Account can be made out: And also, th En tror An Account of the Amount of all Advances, now \ ' ' mi'uor‘ outstanding, made to his Imperial Majesty above the Sum of £. 1,600,000.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houi'e.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

AiMitfsfor Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to inJto st Do- His Majesty; that He will be graciously pleased to give imago. Directions, that there be laid before this House, Extracts of Two Tetters from the Duke of Portland to Major General Williamson, one dated Whitehall the 6th, the other the 7th, OE 1794; and also, Copies of the Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Articles of His Majesty's Instructions to Major General

liamfon, dated October 1794; and also, Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Sir Adam ' liamfon, K. B. dated Whitehall, the 10th December 1794; and also, Copy of a Letter from William HuJkiJJ'on, El-quire, to Charles Long, Esquire, dated HorJ'e Guards, 10th of April 1795; and also, Extract of a Letter from William HuJkiJJon, Esquire, to George Rose, Esquire, dated Horse Guards, 17th of July 1795; and also, Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary to Major General

Gordon Forbes, dated Horse Guards, the 29th of September 1795; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated Whitehall, the 7th October 1795 (Saint Domingo Revenues); and also, , C°py of a Letter from HuJkiJJon, Esquire, to Charles Long, Esquire, dated Horse Guards, 12th of May 1796; and also, Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Major General Forbes, dated 3d August 1796; and also. Copy of a letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Gordon Forbes, dated Parliament Street, the 18th of August 1796; and also, Extract of a joint Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland and Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Simcoe, dated Parliament Street, the 25th of November. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's raoft Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Pybus presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Expence of an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His Majesty 's Fleet, according to the Addition directed by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 3d May 1797, for One Year; together with the increased Expence attending the pro-poled Mue of Full Allowance of Provisions.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; .

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Expence of an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen and 5th May 1797.) Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, according to the Addition directed by His Majesty s Order in Council of the 3d May 1797, for One Year.

Number of Seamen voted for 1797 ----- -- 100,000

Marines - -- 20,obo

120,000

WAGES.

To 58,547 Petty and Able ----- at

To 14,636 Ordinary ——

To 14,636 Landsmen - - - - - -

To 2,616 Non-commission Officers of Marines, To 13,084 Privates - - ....

1°3>Sl9

£. S. d.

s. 6 d.per Month 209,305 io 6

4-r. 6d. - - - - 56,348 12 —

3s- 6d.- - - - 33,296 19 —

2 d.per Day 7.935 4 —

2id. per Day 44.659 3 —

£ 35G545 8 6

Com mi (lion and War-,) rant Officers -

Boys ....

Marine Officers - - -Marines at Quarters -

4.43s I

7»74r i No Addition to these.

300 I

4,002 J

120,000

VICTUALLING.

The increased Expence attending the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions to the Seamen in His Majesty's Navy, for 120,000 Men, for Thirteen Lunar Months, calculated at 19 per Man per Month, as at present voted by Parliament -.....- - -

185,250 ——

536.795 8 6

A. S. Hamond.

C. Hope. Geo. Rogers.

W. Bellingham. S. Gambier.

Ordered,

Estimate of Increase of Pny, &c. tt> Seamen and Marines, prei fented *

37 Geo. III.

5° Mail.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kent fi?c- Mr. Me Dowall,from the Scleft Committee ap-«i >n, deter- pointed'to try and determine the Merits of the Petition

Bua<' ' of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent, who polled for, or tendered their Votes for,

llonywood.Esquire, at the la ft Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir William Geary, Baronet, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent:

And all'o. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petition did not appear to the said > Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Sir William Geary, Baronet, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Selefit Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Report Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of and Weans. t]lC Vvliolc House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, be now. received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Railing a Sum Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by Annuities. <Yjiatj towar(js ra|sing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, in Manner following; that is to say;

That every Contributor to the said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of 125. in Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1797, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Centum Annuities,

consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-lccond, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Act?, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in, the lante Manner, and subject to the like Redemption- by Parliament, as the said £.3. per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of £.50. in £. 3. pm Centum Reduced Annuities, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain other Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of 3. per Centum, and to be payable and transtcrrable at the Bank of at the fame Time, and in the tame Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said Centum Reduced Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of £. 20. in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4. per Cen, to comment from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4. per Cenwhich were consolidated by the Acts of the Twentieth, Tweniy-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, and to be payable and Yol. 52.

transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said .4. per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every such Contributor shall likewil'e be entitled to an Annuity'of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-two Years and Nine Months, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of £. 125. and £.50. after the Rate of £.3. per Centum per Annum, and £. % o. after the Rate of £.4. per Centum per Annum, in respect of every £. 100. to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, which Annuity of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to continue for Sixty-two Years and Nine Months, shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-leven Years, Seventy-five Years and a Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-four Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be payable, paid, and transferrable, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the Bank of England: That the said several Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. per Centum, £.3. per Centum, £. 4. per Centum, and Six Shillings and Six Pence per,

so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 28th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of £. 10. per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 26th Day of May next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 21st Day of June next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of July next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 15th Day of August next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 15th Day of September next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of October next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of November next; and,

£.10. per Centum on or before the 29th Day of December next:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, which Monies so paid in shall be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds at any Time on or before the 17th Day of November next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £.4. per Centum per Annum on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the

lame

1

J

54 5° Mali. ' 1797 *

fame to the 19th Day of December 1797: That every Contributor, who shall advance and pay unto the Ca-ihier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any such proportional Part or Parts of the Sums by him or her to be contributed, as shall be limited to be paid on or before any particular Day, by Instalment, before the Day on which such Instalment shall be made payable (such proportional Parts not amounting to the Whole of his or her Contribution) shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of each Sum, so paid in Advance for completing any such Instalment, shall amount unto, after the Hate of £.5. per Centum per , from the Day

of completing the same to the Day on which the same is hereby made payable.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities was committed, that they have Power to make Provisiort in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Ilefolution.

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Officer commanding in Chief in Saint,

dated Whitehall, 30th September 1795: And also,

N° 3. Extract from the Register of the Deliberations of the Colonial Council — Sitting 15th of June 1795, and Tranllation: And also,

N° 4. Extract from the Register of the Deliberations of the Colonial Council — Sitting 15th of 1795, and Tranllation: And also,

N® 5 Extract bf a Letter and Inclosures from Major General Sir Adam WilliamfoK. B. to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Port au Prince, 25th vember 1795.

Together with a List of the said Account and Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mnlmcfhury

»El -ition Committee appointed.

Committee on Bill for raising a Vim by Ain nuities.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new' Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles Bra e

, 00 *

Esquire, and Boyd Alexander, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Henry Strachey, Esquire, Ay frog he Boucherelt, Esquire, John Blackburn, Esquire, of AUlborough, Robert Clive, Esquire, James Brodte, Esquire, Sir William Lozvther, Baronet, Charles Buncombe, Esquire, Charles Chester, Esquire, William Henry Feflowes, Esquire, William Pracd, Esquire, George White Thomas, Esquire, the Honourable Henry Hobart, James Fox, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire, Boyd Alexander, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Selecft Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of James John Fafar, Esquire, were iworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials cf controverted Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the Deaths and Casualties which have taken place in the British Forces, and in the Forces in British Pay, serving in the Island of Saint Domingo, from the Commencement of the War to the 30th September 1796, as far as the same can be made up.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Long also presented tq the House, pursuant to their Add relies to His Majesty,

Copy of the Treaty between Governor Trelawney and the Maroons, concluded on ift March 1738-9: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Printed Proceedings of the Legislature of Jamaica, as far as respects the late War with the Maroons of Trelawney Town, in the said Island."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Return of

De iths ami

St. Domingo prelciitaL

Treaty with the Maroon % and Proceedings of the Legislature of Jamaica re-ipetting them, presented.

Papers relating to the C'lvii Ktfab-jishment at St. Domingo, pre lea ted.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Account of the Civil Establishment of that Part of the Island of Saint Domingo in the Possession of the British Forces, from the Commencement of the

War to the latest Period such an Account can be made out, from the Correspondence in the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department: And also,

4

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious MefTage of Wednesday last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they majr have Leave to fit again.

Ref0 bid,

Committee of Supply.

Mefl g", nffe rrea.

37 Geo. III. 59 Mail

54i

Refolded> That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Wade, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, and the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Failure, in this Kingdom, and which Report was rc-Committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ciirzven took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cttrzcen reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Cvrzven accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may (land in the Way of l'uch Agreement.

And Mr. Cnrzven moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

7 o o

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may (land in the Way of such Agreement: And that Mr. Curzven, Sir John Sinclair, and Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mild-may, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Curzuen also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Wade, Un-incloled, and Unproductive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Failure, or any Portion thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty.

And Mr. Cnrwen moved the House accordingly. General In- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

orderedenabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Wade, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Failure, or any Portion thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty: And that Mr. Curzcen, Sir John Sinclair, and Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildway, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Bill forindem- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

rutying the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying

Governors . # o

&c. in the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting

West India as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted

portedS.' 1C~ the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him <0 report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,. in at the Clerk's Table: Von. 52.

W1 icre the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion i'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. REDvicnllprelented to the House, according Bilitocon-

to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited; to

an Act, ['-ailed in the present Session of Parliament, Banks in soot intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain F°

" Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a " certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for ifnlemnifying all Persons who have iilued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ovsen, from Eifttmlia the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Company's the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pro- Countspre-L Tented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and fcnted< the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company', in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifja, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Othce Col-leftions, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices.; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° z. An Account of the Annual Charges defraved

O J

by the East India Company, in the Provinces or Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil,

Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads ot Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Sublidv, Land Revenues, Police Taxes,

Customs, and the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1795-6, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude, diitinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of t he East India Company, at the Prdidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of dr cot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, t

and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, distinguish-

6 Y ing

Committee on rc-committud Report 011 Waste Lands.

reported.

B.l! for Inclosing Waste Lands by Agreement, ordered.

542

5° Mad. A. 1797.

ing the Tame under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Cuiloms, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest. Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6. A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Scant and the Settle-

ments subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll: Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Rajah

of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Li-

cences, for the Year 1795-6, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 9. A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues and Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1795-6, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, distinguishing the fame, respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be dist-tinguithed from the Civil or other Charges, rel'pec-tively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N® 10 (a). An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlbro', and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And alloj

N® 10 (b).Amount of the Expences of the 111 and

of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ill May 1 796 to the 30th April 1797: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift May 1796 to the 30th April 1797: And also, N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 1 ft May 1796 to the 30th April 1797: And also, N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimate's of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort

liam, Fort Saint George, and from the ill

1796 to the 30th April 1797: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombas, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years, respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presiden-cies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between the 30th April 1795 and the ift May 1796, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June 1793: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift May 1795 to the 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift May 1795 to the 30th April 1796: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the ift May 1795 to the 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint anil

Bombay, and at the Residency at Marlbro', and FaClory at Canton, according to the latest Advices: And also,

Nu 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1795-6; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency, not added to the Invoice: And also,

N" 23. Annual Account, made up to the id March 1797, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and Ample Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they reipeClively carry, and the-Amount of such Interest, and the State of Caih remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain, and afloat: And also,

N® 24. An Account of the Stock, Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) from the ift March 1796 to the 1

1797: And also,

N° 25. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift March 1796 to the 1 ft March 1797: And also,

N® 26. An Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India Company's Goods from March 1796 to March 1797, the Charges and Profit on Private Trade, &c. and the Expences of Customs, Freight, and other Charges paid thereout, compared with the Average Estimate of Receipts and Payments as formed by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793,

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew. . v

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

4 The

4

37 Geo. III.

6° M

543

Ways and Mean?, deterred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rcjolvcdy That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill to amend Cone Inclosure ASt, reported *

Sabbati, 6® die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR; Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing " the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, " Common Paltures, and other Commonable Lands, " within the Parish of Corse, in the County of " cejlerwas committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,' to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates alfelfed to the Land Tax at £.6. i$s. 10 who refused to lign

the Bill; and also except the Proprietors assessed at £.6. $s. 31/. who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £-53- 13s- 1 and that

no Per Ion. appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and rhat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Piace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Ham To dor, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus iYIo-nies in the Purclufe of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of wick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was deviled by the Will of Anna Maria Wi-

dow, and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane Gough, Widow, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to such Uses as by the said W'ills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respectively, was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry BolderoBarnard, of South Cave, in the County of York, Esquire, and John Lockzvood, of Beverley, in the said County of York, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House from certain Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of IValkington,in the East Riding of the County of York, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, or Commons, within the Township of talking ton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and the Award of the Commissioners acting under the fame, so far as respects the Wood Lands and Grounds within the same Township; and that the Commissioners, appoiated by the said Act, duly put the same in Execution, according to the Oath by them respectively taken, and executed their Award accordingly, and the

T;»y!or\< Elbte Kill, read.

Sdche s\.TeIi % &c. Partition Kill, read.

Petition against the Application to amend Walking son Inclosurt Act.

(Y»oke\ Di-Vn-Lt Bill, read.

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

>Uptn<Wnt The ou e proceeded to take into Consideration the tc clack in.1- Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-nanami Penh tuled, An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, agreed to.'1, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-

fourth Year ot His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 7. Leave out " of Parliament."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do cam' the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Petitioners conceive that they, and ail other Persons interested in the said inclosure, are bound thereby; and that it would be of dangerous Con sequence to the Petitioners, and to all other Proprietors of Lands in IValkingtonaforesaid, interested in the said Inclosure, as well as be an evil Precedent in Times to come, were the House to grant the Prayer of the said Petition, or in any Manner alter the said Act, or the Award of the said Commissioners, and the more especially, as the Petitioners, since the puffing of the said Act, and upon the Faith and Authority thereof, have granted Leases of, and otherwise aliened and conveyed, certain Parts of the Woods called East Wood and Little Wood, or Wood, in

Walkingtonaforesaid, and divers other Lands allotted to them by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said Act; and that the said Petition contains divers Milrepresentations of Tranlactions preparatory and antecedent to the Application to Parliament for the said Bill, and divers Statements, which the Petitioner, John Lockzvood, with great Deference to the House, asserts to be void of Foundation, and highly injurious to his Honour and Character: And therefore praying, That, if any Bill lliould be brought into the House pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, they may be heard, by themselves, or Couniel, against the fame, and that it may not pal's into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

544

60 M

A. 1797.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the to whose Security he conceives they will eficntially Table. contribute: That His Majesty was plealed, by Letters

Patent, bearing Date the 29th of January 1784, to The House proceeded to take into Consideration grant to the Petitioner the exclusive Right and P10-

" perty, in his laid Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years: That the Petitioner having expended upwards of Three thousand Pounds in his Endeavours to obtain the Public Approbation of such Engines, was unable to introduce them into His Majesty's Navy until upwards of Ten Years of the Term of his Letters Patent had expired; so that unless the Term granted to the Petitioner be prolonged, and the Property in the said Invention secured to him for an additional Term, the Petitioner cannot receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time, in bringing to Perfection his laid Discovery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Mark Noble, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain

Lords

Ash ottin- he Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, incloi'ure Bill, tituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, agreed to ajj ]ie Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of A icott, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. h 30. Leave out from " Property " to

Pr.

Right

in

Line

10.

1. 20.

1.31.

32-

After " Two" insert " dilinterefled and indifferent Persons as."

After " aforesaid " insert " and if " either the Party or Parties " claiming, or the Person or " Persons objecting, as aforesaid, shall refute or negleil to Pump or Engine, of his Invention, throughout that

Part of Great Britain called England, for a further Time to be limited: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George Vunfit tart do prepare, and bring the fame.

in.

1.

1. 14. V

Leave of Absence.

Petition for

" name such Arbitrator, within " the Time limited for that Pur-".pose, then it. shall be lawful " for the said Commissioners,

" and they are hereby directed " and required, within One Calendar Month next after such " Refusal or Neglect, to name " an Arbitrator for and on Behalf of the Person or Persons " so neglecting or refusing as " aforesaid."

Pi4. 12. 1. 7. After "or" insert "both," and

leave out the second " or" and insert " and."

Leave out " an Arbitrator " and insert " Arbitrators."

After u Purposes" insert the following Proviso:

" Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall " authorize or empower the said " Commissioners or Arbitrators,

" to hear or determine any Differences or Disputes which " may arise touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons in or to the " said Commons or Walle Lands, u or any Part thereof."

The said Amendments being lcverally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, MarmgePbr-

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds be granted Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath to His Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of Her Royal cc 0>a' agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- Highness the Princels Royal.

ships. The laid liefolution being read a Second Time,

wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Bill toconri-cond Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allows the Banks, iijuccc.uin " and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of s COlU " Great Britain called Scotland, toilfue Notes for Sums,

" under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and " for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes " for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a'Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whoic House, to whom it wras re- referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the liefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the i Joule; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on urgent private Affairs.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Bib farm

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Way ot

NoT)k!s,paMr to whom the Petition of Mark Noble, of the Parish of tent, reported. Lambeth, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William John son being examined, laid. That the Petitioner hath invented an Engine for railing Water, particularly useful on Board Ships of War, and which lately have been adopted in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, for whole Lfc they were intended, and §

Annuities, wfas committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout,; and then a Second lime. One by One; and, upon the Question lcverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

u vai\

a Sum by Annuities, reported.

37 Geo. III. 6° — 8a Mail 545

upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

E:i(t India Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe-Kcvenue'Ac- veral Accounts and Papers, which were Yesterday precounts to be fented to the House, by Mr. Oicen (from the Direc-prmted. tors Gf tqe ,-// Imlia Company) be printed, as shall be futHcient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lufice, 8° Mail;

Anno 370 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Lvgou do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread be added to the Member Gemiemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of cloture Bill, the Right honourable Charles Earl of Tankerville, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, having a Right of Common upon, or otherwise interested in, the Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Car ham, in the County of Aor thumb er land, called Wark Common.

Prayers.

TodJIngton Inciolure Bill, reported.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Toddinzton, and Hamlet of Chakon, in the Parish of To tiding ton, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 143 Acres, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of 392 Acres, who were neuter; and also the Proprietors of 16 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 2,594 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bili); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QucRion fe\erally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

M orlincbTnr Mr. Allen patented to the House, according to

preOucd 1, Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and

Commonable Failures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of MoorUnch, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Ref jived. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Davis's Efate Mr. Lrgon reported from the Committee, (o whom md'iC > 'K&oill-d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ve!: ing certain undivided Parts or Shares, deviled by the Will of fames Davis, Esquire, of and in several Estates in the Counties of ALnmouih and GLucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money ariung thereby in discharging incumbrances, and fur laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed VOL. 52.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Bill prefrnted. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Carbarn, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying Easterton in-in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, gj.'1!6 Bill, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, c within the Hamlet or Tithing of Eo.Jlerton, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs,

Common Paitures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tithing of , in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Jcjhta Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty Petition from of the Town and Port of Hrthe,in the County of Hythey aii.it

Tr - i , 1 1 1 , the Bill to re-

kent, was presented to the House, and read; faking gul-te the

Notice of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes Trial of Cau-and Indictments, which arise within the Limits of les' c‘ certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That the said Town and Port (as One of the Cinque Ports) has for Ages been in PoiKffion of Bights and Privileges, which will be materially affected by such Bill, and that the fame, if patted into a Law, will be very inconvenient and prejudicial, and attended with great Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and, besides, may be destrudive of the Peace, Order, and good Government, of the said Town and Port, by discouraging Persons from prosecuting Offences committed within the same; and that, within their own Time, no Complaint has ever been made against: the Exercise of such Bights and Privileges, and Record is equally in their Favour: And therefore praying, That, as such Rights and Privileges have never been abided, they may not. be now infringed, but that the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pass into a Lawr, or that the Town and Port of Hythe may be (as one Place has already been)

particularly excepted from its Operation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon presented to the House, East India according to Order, a Bill to enable the East India volun'o i- Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Corps Bill,

6 Z Infantry, Pre<eiltci-

t

546 8 0 Mali, . 1797 *

Infantr}', to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging " and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men " as fluilI voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence " of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general " Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxliill rnclo- Sir George Augustus William Evelyn pre-

1‘uited'11' prC" cntec to 1 he House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill,in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bunny in- An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the cioiiire Bill, Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, pi e ‘ and Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of

in the County of N, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

cJo/Lre L / General Adeane reported from the Committee, to rqjoitcJ. ' whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of ' Southoe,in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the B and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

t

Waterbcacli General Adeane reported from the Committee, to

W Dniit' whom the Bill to alter, amend, and render more effec-

.Dill i"C" ' '

ported. tual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of I Eater beach Levels in the County of " Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made " between the Lord of the Manor of I Eater beach cum " Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor;"" and also, to raile a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

red, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Whittlesey Twenty-iecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bll!|

King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Ille of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as the same relate to the Lands lying in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Acts, was read-the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, in the Bounds and Precincts of,

in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, with further Taxes, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, under certain Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands anil Grounds.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord William Rujfellpresented to the House, ac- Croydon in-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, Tower Hiil to whom the' Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Buildings on or near Great Tower Hill, London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Bogue produced to your Committee, a Copy of a Notice, which he affixed, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 5th of April last, on the Doors of the Sessions Houses, at the last Easter General Quarter Sessions for the County of Middlesex, for the City of London, and for the Tozverand Liberties of the Tower of

London,of an Application to Parliament for Leave tobring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Open Space of Great Tower Hill, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same: And,

Three Newspapers, called The Daily of

the 15th, 18 th, and 20th of April last, were produced, containing the like Notice of the said Application.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 5th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Buildings, on or near Great Tower,

was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

37 Geo. III. 8° Man. 547

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, denoting, watering, improving, anti keeping in Repair, the Open Space of Great 'Tuner Hid, anti for removing anti preventing Nuil'ances and Annoyances within the same: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and Mr. Prejion do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fyt and Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do make the

HarboursPe- ePort from the Committee, to whom the Petition ol

noon, report- the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King " Williamthe Third for the Repair of Dover Harbour, " and which have been by several other Acts continued till the Twelfth Day of May 1765, and for 4‘ applying the same to completing anti keeping in " Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of " Sij/ex, and for more effectually completing and " keeping in Repair the said Harbour," and also of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Trullces named and appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the " Harbour of RamJ'ga te,in the County of Kent, and " for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven " of San die irk, in the same County," was referred.

Mr. Alderman Curtis accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Jenkins being examined, said. That the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Acts of the Fourth of His present Majesty, and the Eleventh and Twelfth of King the Third,

having found that the New Harbour of Rye cannot be formed or made to answer the Object and Purposes intended by the said Act, have for some Years discontinued making any Improvement therein; and that it would be for the Interest of the Public, that so much of the Duties imposed on the Mailers, Owners, or Skippers of Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, passing from, to.

Or by Dover, as by the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign are directed to be appropriated, paid, anti applied for completing and keeping in Repair the said New Harbour of should cease to be raised and levied from and after the 24th Day of June 1798, and that no further Attempts should be made for the improving of the said New Harbour of

And the Witness added, That a Debt hath been contracted on Account of the Works heretofore done in improving the said New Harbour of Rye, and it is necessary that Provision should be made for paying off and discharging such Debt, with and out of the Produce of the Tolls and Duties raised under Authority of the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign ;and that the Sum of/.5,714. 9

Old South Sea Annuities, now Handing in the Names of the Sub-Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas (which Stock was purchased under Authority of the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as a Fund to indemnify the Owners of certain Marsh Lands and Hereditaments near or adjoining to Rye Harbour, against such Damage as should arise to them in the Execution of ' the same Act) together with the further Sum of VOL. 5a.

/. 2,500. Sterling, to be paid by the Trustees of

gate Harbour, should be transferred to the Trustees forex-ecuting the said Acts of the Eleventh and Twelfth of William die Third, and the Fourth of His present Majesty, for the Purpose of improving the Old Harbour of Rye-, and that such Trustees be empowered to fell certain Houses, Lands, Tenements, and other Property belonging to the same Trustees, and to apply the Money arising therefrom, for indemnifying such Persons as are or shall be prejudiced by any of the Works already done towards completing the New Harbour of Rye,or by reason

of abandoning that Undertaking, ful'jed to certain Regulations and Restrictions; and that it would tend to the more effectual Improvement of the said Old Harbour, if the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts contained, which are found defective, were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted in lieu thereof.

And Mr. Zachary Hubberf.y being also examined, said, That the said Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Harbour of RamJgate,requires to be amended, and further Provisions are wanting for carrying the Intent thereof into complete Effed: And he added, That it is expedient, for effecting the several Purposes as prayed for by the Petition, that the same should be carried into Eff d by Two Bills,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ramfgnte ' amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of HarbourBiSl, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act or eit '

" for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of RamJgate, in the County of Kent, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of " Sandwich, in the same County: " And that Mr.

Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Anderson, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rre Harbour discontinuing the New Harbours of Rye, in and Bill,ordered,

for repealing several Acts relating thereto; and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Lolles, and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and the Lord Hawkesbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Liverpool Order, a Bill for the better Regulation and Encourage- Pilots Bill, ment of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Maimvaringreported from the Committee, to Christ Church

whom the Bill to amend, and render more eliedual, an 00r Bill. Ad, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of reP°rte his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners " of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of " Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse,

" for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the " said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and " Employment of the Poor therein," and also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Y'ear of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and,

upon

k

J

Voices to

Commit fee on MuUicfi x County Kale Bill.

Blar.knry. be. IliCIO'liiV. Bill, reported.

Weflon Tn-cloture Bill, committed.

Weymouth and MeIcoinhe Ke-is Water Bill,prekii ted.

Petition from Corporation of Bristol a: ainit the Bi'.i to regulate the 1 rial of Catties, Sec,

Petition of Merchant Venturers of BriiM a.'umit

8° Mail. A. 1797.

upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, is committed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Bianhiey and Scop-wick, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

O t

Inclosure, had been complied with; and J: hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

A Bill for divid ing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of We (I on, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Baker, Mr. Plumevy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tucker Steward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Alelccmbe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Refolded) That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgess, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was prclented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments, which arile within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That, if the Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction of the said City should undergo the Change proposed, the Traders and Inhabitants thereof will be greatly injured and opprelLd, the good Laws, Orders, and Conilitutions for the Preservation of the Rivers and Port will be diRegarded, and the City of Bristol become a Scene of Riot, Disorder, and Depreciation, and not a City of good Government: And therefore praying, That the City and County of Bristol may be wholly exempted from4 the Provisions of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against so much thereof as may affect the said City and County, and the Traders and other Inhabitants thereof.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common-ally eft the incorporated Society of Merchant Venturers in the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also prdented to the House, and read; Likewise taking

.Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are under very great Apprehensions of the mischievous consequences of the said Bill, for that, if the same lliould pals into a Law, Actions for Causes, arising within the County of the City of Bristol, may be tried at the Instance of either Plaintiff or Defendant by a jury of the County of Somerset, at a great Di(lance from Bristol, whereby a considerable additional Expence will be incurred by the Traders and other Inhabitants of that large and populous City, in taking their Witnesses to distant Places; and Matters of Account between Merchant and Merchant and their Factors, great and intricate Questions respecting Insurances, Foreign Bills of Exchange, and other Mercantile Tranlactions arising within a Mercantile City, will often go to Trial by a Jury of the County of Somerset, composed of Persons who (whether such Jury be common or special) mud, necessarily, by their Habits of Life, be unacquainted with the Customs of Merchants, and the Decilions of Courts of Justice in similar Cafes: And that, for thele and many other Reasons, the Petitioners pray the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against lb much of the said Bill as affects the County of the City of Brijio/y or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Waicot, Ti;r-the Bill to embank and drain the Open and Unem-banked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales reported. Head Dyke and the River Witham, in the several Town-ships or Hamlets, and Parillies, of Walcot, Timberland Thorpey Timberland MartiUy Linwovdy and Biankney all in the County of Lincoln) was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

o

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Order for Call, being read; dituiarged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Order be discharged;.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

'I A

138.

Mr. )

Mr.: )

n- „ c . (Mr. Baker, )

Idlers for the Noes,}Mr r;lrmy,) , 54-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for Mr. order for rc-

pointment of the Select Committee for Trial of the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of the County of Kent) who polled for, or tendered their Votes for, Filmer Honywood) lifquire, at the last Election ot

Members

1 Order for re- K Sir.;,

ceiving Ke- r o 1 i j.

po rt oi De-

faulters:

Names, dii-

charged. ' Vi

JBoIron nnd

Blackburn Kond Kill, tomuJtted.

Grtlerfo'- Kill to amend Terrors A0~ % iliic barged.

Bill to amend

Debtors and Creditors Act, ordered.

Petition in Favour of the £iii to rf dilate the Trial oj Cuuk. , 5. c.

Petition Bonifying that Notices had been given of the Application for Stoke Coldingtcn, nd Newport Pagnell Reads.

37 Geo. III. 8° Mali.

Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, Newport Pagnell, in the County of r, to the said complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Horjejhoe House, was presented to the House, and read j said County, be now read. Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Leave granted

And the said Order being read accordingly} by the House on the loth Day of April last, Notice;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. was given, at the last General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace for the County of Buckingham, of the Applica-A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping tion to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for en-in Repair, the Road from Bolton-m-the-Moorsto Black- larging the Terms, and altering and enlarging the

burn, in the County Palatine ot Lancaster, was read a Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made and passed ' Second Time. for repairing the Highways between the House com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, monly called The Horjejhoe in the Parish of Stoke

Mr. Blackburneof La ncashire, See.: And they are to Coldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Northaand the Road from the North Bridge of Speaker's Chamber. 4 Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to the said

Horjejhoe House, which said Highways and Road pass The House was moved, That the Order, made upon through the several Parishes or Places of Hardingstone, the 23d Day of March last, " That Leave be given to Wootton, in

" bring in a Bill to amend so 'much of an Act, made the County of Northampton, Stoke Coldington, Gayhwjl,

" in the Second Year of the Reign ot King George the and in the County of Bucks: And therefore

" Second, intituled, ‘An Act for the Relief of Debtors, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill " with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons,' for the Purposes aforesaid, by lpch Ways and Means,

" as relates to the Weekly Sum thereby directed to be and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem " paid to Prisoners for Debt in the same therein men- meet.

" tinned," might be read. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And the same being read accordingly; Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the shall appear to them, to the House:

Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the And it is referred to Mr. Bouverie of,

Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, Mr. Dickins, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's " and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Exe- Clumber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

" cution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for and Records.

" Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act,

" to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for railing " Estates for their Creditors Benefit," might be read. Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for raising the Sum

And the same being read accordingly; of Thirteen Millions by Way of Annuities, be now nmies, PaIe *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to read, amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Weekly And the said Order being read accordingly;

Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Exe- The said Bill was read the Third Time.

cution for Debt, in the Cafes therein mentiond: And R That the Bill do pass: And that the Title that Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sloane, and Mr. Blackburne of Last- be. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions cashire,do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annui-

ties.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Lords, and desire their Concurrence, others, being Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town *

and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Billtoregulate Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, causes&cf Notice of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of deferred. Indictments, which arile within the Limits of certain Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits Cities and Towns Corporate within this'Kingdom; of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this and Setting forth. That there is but Or.e Sessions of Kingdom, be now read.

Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery held And the said Order being read accordingly;

in a Year in the said Borough; and that, in confe- RejThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

quer.ee thereof, the Progress of Justice, both in Civil resolve itself into the said Committee.

and Criminal Causes, is greatly delayed and hindered,

and that there are Instances upon Record, in which Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Billforpre-great and well-founded Causes of Complaint appear further Consideration the Report from the Committee fc n of Ses-respecting the Manner in which Justice has been ad- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing men, deferred, ministered in the said Borough: And therefore pray- the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships ing, That the House will take the Premises into their trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the Consideration, and do that therein as to them shall West Indies, was re-committed, be now read, seem meet. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Table. Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-put in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, made in men, ' appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Duties on At-the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,the Bills, upon the Resolutions which, upon the 27th Day tomies Ceni-

Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and of April last, were reported from the Committee of the the Fifteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of whole House, to w'hom it was referred to consider fur-his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing tlier of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grant-the Highways between the House commonly called ed to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, in One of the said Bills, for the better securing the and for repairing the Road from the North Bridge of Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors,

Vol. 52. 7 A Attornies,

55°

8° Ma

A.

1797'

Stamp Duties Bill, present-

cd.

Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of except the Owners of Land assessed at £.3. nr. 3 Justice in Great Britain. who could not be met with; and that the whole Pro-

perty is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 281. 7 old.-, Mr. Ruse presented to the House, according to Order, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to a Bili for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Du- oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone ties oh the several Matters therein mentioned, and for through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken unto, which they had directed him to report to the out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ascertain Courts of Justice in Great Britain: And the terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

Cimbricks Bill, presented.

fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields,

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

BHl to amend

Corse Inclosure Act, passed *

of being warehoused for Exportation: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act: of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George County of Cambridge.

Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little braham,in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waile Grounds, within the Parish of Little Wilbraham,in the.

Little Wil.

hrab?.m In-cl of ure Bill, pulled.

the Third, intituled, "An Act for dividing and indoling the Open and Common Fields, Common " Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County " of Gloucester," was read the Third Tunc.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

Ordered, That General Ade do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

‘Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers therein' mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this

An Avert©

Addi cis.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and House, that He will give Directions accordingly. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

" tures, and other Commonable Lands, within the " Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

havt agreed to Popkam I

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Street, in the

Town of Northampton', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bijl, intituled, An Act for

Wellingborough and Northampton Hoad

ampt<

Bill.

The Lords have passed

Trinity House Elhte Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Major General Williamson,dated Whitehall, 6th

1794: And also,

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Major General Williamson, dated Whitehall, 7th October

1794: And also.

Copies of the 14th, 17th, and 18th Articles of His Majesty's Instructions to Sir K. B. dated at Saint James's, October 1794: And also,

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Sir Adam Williamson, K. B. dated Whitehall, 10th December 1794: And also.

Copy of a Letter from William , Esquire, to

Papers relative to St. Domingo, presented.

veiling several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Esquire, dated 10th of

Parish of Allhallows Steyning,in the City of London, in 1795: And also,

the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several. Extract of a Letter from William Esquire,

perpetual Yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, to George Esquire, dated 17th of

Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Pa- July 1795: And also.

Kerry Inclo-liirc Bill, reported.

rish; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Keene reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor ol Kerry, in the County of Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the 1796: And also,

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Gordon Forbes, dated Horse Guards, 29th of September 1795: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated Whitehall, 7th October 1795: And also.

Copy of a Letter from William Esquire, to

Charles Long, Esquire, dated Horse Guards, 12th May

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 6. 1 is. z Id.who refused to sign the Bill; and also,

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Major General Forbes, dated Whitehall, 3d August 1796: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Gordon Forbes, dated Parliament Street, the 18th of August 1796: And also,

Extract ol a joint Letter from his Grace the Duke

of


37 Geo. III.

8° Mali.

55 *

of Portland and Mr. Secretary Dttndasto Major General not so great; and that Taxation operating also upon

Simcoe, dated Parliament Street, the 25th of November Materials used in building Ships, miles their Price 1796. considerably above Ships of the same Burthens built

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. in India; and therefore any Law, made to regiRer

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, Ships built in India, would.give them a decided Ad-to be perilled by the Members of the House. vantage over Ships of the same Burthen built in Eng-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said land; and that, should India Ships obtain such an Act-

petition of

on the Thames jikuinft Fo-

vantage, the Petitioners, with a great Number of Sawyers, Shipwrights, Caulkers, Rope-makers, Boat-builders, Malt-makers, Sail-makers, Block-makers,'

Joiners, and others, the Artificers of this Kingdom, would in a great Measure lose their Employ: And A Petition of the Shipwrights employed in the therefore be leeching the House, That the said Bill may Merchant Yards upon the River Thames, w'hose Names not pals into a Law.

arc thereunder-signed, was presented to the House, and A Petition of the Three-nail Mooters employed in the Petition of

Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition of

Journeymen Sail-makers Da

Bill.

Petition of Gmlkers

and Rcltriftions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Co- tion.

Ionics, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Oc- A Petition of Rope-makers employed in the Mcr- tkio r4

cupations of Merchants or Factors; and for registering chants Rope Grounds joining the River Thames, was Ships built in the Settlements in Possessioii of the Eastalfo presented to the House, and read; likewise India Company; and Setting forth, That the Peti- taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That tioners feel themselves considerably alarmed, from a the Petitioners conceive the same to be an Infringe-firm Persuasion, that, should the said Bill pals into a ment upon their Rights, as a Mechanical Body: And Law, they and their Families, and all other the Arti- therefore praying. That the House will put their de-ficers employed in Ship-building, mull of Necessity be cilive Negative upon the said Bill, which, if suffered to involved in Milery and Ruin; and, being allured of the pass into a Law, will be defirudtive to Thousands. warm and Ready Attaclunent of the House to the ge- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition of neral IntereR of this Country, they are emboldened to thereunto subscribed, being Ship-builders in the Port lay their Grievances before the House, reRing allured of London, was also presented to the House, and read; that nothing will be wanting, in order to their Redress, likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting from the Zeal and Attention the House has ever ma- forth. That the Petitioners and divers other Persons nifeRed for the IntereR of the British Government, as have embarked very large Capitals in the Trade and well as ever)' individual Body of People in this King- Business of building and fitting cut Ships, and that dom: And therefore praying for the decisive Negative the Petitioners, and the very numerous Body of Ship-of the House againR the said Bill. vvrights, Rope-makers, Sail-makers, MaR-makers, An-

A Petition of the Journeymen Sail-makers of the chor-smiths, and various other Artificers, employed.

Port of London, was also presented to the House, and or concerned, in building and fitting out Ships and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Vessels in the Port' of London, have for a long Course Setting forth. That, should the same pass into a Law, of Years looked up to, and depended on, the build-the Trade of the Petitioners in this Country will be ing and fitting out of Ships for the Service of the East materially injured, and consequently a great Number India Company, as the great Support of their relpetflive of Persons, usually engaged in the Art and MyRery of Trades; and that, there being no Ships of large Bur-Sail making, will be thrown out of Employ: And there- then built in the said Port in Time of Peace, except fore praying, That the said Bill may not pass. for the Service of the East India Company, that Branch

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are of the Trade hath been deservedly considered and acknowledged as the principal Nursery for Artificers capable of building and fitting out Men of War, whenever the Exigencies of the State may make their AffiR-

. thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House,

a&iia ‘ ‘ and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill;

and Setting forth, That ti e Petitioners have been bred to, and each and eve'y One of them have served a re- ance necessary, and that a great Proportion of the pre-gular and legal Apprenticefiiip of Seven Years to the sent Naval Force of this Country is the Work of l'uch Art and MyRery of Caulking only, and that moR of Artificers, and the public Service is therefore greatly them have numerous Families, depending totally on the alfilted and promoted by such Artificers, brought up Labour of their Hands for Support, and that the Peti- and employed by the Petitioners and others, who have tioners are all employed by the Merchants in building from Time to Time built and fitted out Ships for the and fitting Ships for their Service, and also for Govern- India Trade; and that the Petitioners beg Leave

ment in the Time of War; and that, should the said to represent to the House, that they apprehend and be- Bill pass into a Law, the Art, MyRery, and Occupa- lieve the Operation and Effect of the said Bill, if the tion of Ship-building would, in a great Measure, be same should pass into a Law, would, by the Encou-removed from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas: ragement thereby given to Ships not be

And therefore praying the House to take these Mat- not only highly injurious to the Petitioners, and the ters into Consideration, and, should they prove weighty, great Numbers of Artificers employed by them, but as they appear to the Petitioners, that tire laid Bill may would ultimately prove prejudicial to the Trade carried not pals into a Law. on in the City and Port of London and Parts adjacent,

A Petition of the Smiths employed in the Merchants and detrimental to the Public: And therefore praying, Service on the River Thames, was also presented to the That they may be heard, by themselves,' their Counsel, House; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and and Witnesses, againR the said Bill, and that the same Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel themselves con- may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such fiderably alarmed from a firm Persuasion that, should other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem the said Bill pass into a Law, they, their Families, and meet, all other the Artificers engaged in Ship-building, mull Of Necessity be involved in Milery and Ruin; and that the enormous Taxes laid on Artificers and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, renders it impossible for them

Petition of Smiths agaifift D Bill.

A Petition of MaR-makers employed in the Mer- Petition of chant Yards upon the River Thames, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of afiam the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners

to work so cheap as in India, where their Burthens are conceive the same to be an Infringement of their Rights Von. 52. as

552

8'

Mail.

A. 1797.

the.

Petition of

Sawyer.-; against Foreign un<l F/ift India Ships Bill.

Committee of Supply.

Fftimutc of Tncreai'e of Pay, fcc. to Seataen and Marines, referred.

reported.

as a Mechanical Body, and that the Tendency thereof, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed-, to by to remove from the Port of London Ship-building and House, Contradicente.

Equ ipping, is, the Petitioners conceive, pregnant with Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was.

Evil: And therefore praying. That the House will put directed by the Committee to move, that they may have their decisive Negative upon this Bill, which, if fullered Leave to fit again.

to pals into a Law, will be the Ruin of Thousands. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

A Petition at the Timber-dividers, commonly called Morning next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the Sawyers, working on tire Kiver Thames, to the Num- whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted ber of 3,000, whereof 1,533 signed, was likewise pre- to His Majesty. fented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill} and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill to enable truly sensible of the Utility of their Mechanical Pow- ~ ers, and of the Advantages resulting from their Exertions in the Art of Marine Architecture, and judging, from the ConduCl of the East India Company, that the

underhand Practices, with which they have insinuated felling the Commands of such Ships}, the Benefits which will arise. to their own Interests, Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time will be of a Nature to produce Prosperity to the Com- upon Friday Morning next, munity by fabricating Ships in India, but which ablo-

Reading of the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of i Saun-of the East India Company to administer Oaths to cer- dii Company tain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to to admin liter the said Company, against the Practice of buying and deferred/ ‘‘

iutely will be the DestruClion of the Mechanics working in the Naval Line in these Kingdoms, ruin the Nurlery for Seamen and Artificers of every Denomination, and finally annihilate the Private Dock Yards on the River Thames, with their Dependencies, which have been found by Government, on prclTing Occasions, of essential Sendee, destroy the Private Fortunes of Individuals, who have in perilous Times been the staunch Friends of the Constitution, lefien in a wonderful Manner the Revenues of the State, and make abortive the Treaties between us and Northern Nations; and that there are not in these Kingdoms more Artizans than what are wanting to repel the Attacks of the Enemy: And therefore soliciting the House to prevent the pending Bill passing into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read ' the Third Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of an Increase to the Pay of the Seanlen and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, according to the Addition directed by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 3d May 1797, for One Year; together with the increased Expence attending the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways an4 to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, Jc' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Bill to amend,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the u'hole deitned. '' House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws respecting Vagrancy.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "0wthe Banks upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, in Scotland to an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain red.

" Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United King-« dom."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis 90 die Maii; Anno 370 Georgii III. " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation Maidstone the Petition of the there-undersigned Freemen,

Electors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County ca. of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

W

P

<t.rj

CUj

Iacrease of Pay, &c. to teamen and Marines.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require

That a Sum, r.ot exceeding Three hundred and Se venty-two thou land Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Ex ponce to be incurred by an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, according to the Addition directed by His Ma-

# _ o § j

jetty's Order in Council of the 3d of May 1797, and by the prppoted Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was.

the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

'Hie House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One ' Hundred and Fifty-one Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read-

And

37 Geo. IIL 9° Mali.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six dalles, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members were drawn who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside i Five on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before lworn); Five as then serving on Select Committees, and Twenty on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the w'hoie Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated George Tierney, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated William Dun dm, Esquire, to serve On the said Committee.

And Lifts of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counlcl and Agents withdrew'.

TotHimrton An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of and Hamlet

of Chaltcn, in the Parish of in the County of

Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of and Hamlet

of Chalton,in the Parish of , in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Salter's Estate Air. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom '"ailedted' 'nSro1 Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in die Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of Elliot Salter, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consens to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's "Fable.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, aA'iniUhe and also of the Inhabitants of the Town of Faversham, in Bill to rc?u- the County of Kent,was presented to the House, and lire the Trial read; Setting forth, That the said Town is a Assember of ot (.aules,&c. the (jjnque Ports, and, asa separate Jurisdiction, has for Ages been in Polleftion of Rights and Privileges which will be materially affected by the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly prejudicial, and attended with great Expence, Trouble, and Vexation, to the Inhabi-' tants of the said Town, and may, in its Consequences, be destructive of the Peace, Order, and good Government thereof: And therefore praying, That, as such their Rights and Privileges, so ancient in themselves,

10 beneficial to the Community, and therefore so dearly prized, have never been abused, they may not, by an Vojl, 5 .

Innovation uiinecefiary and uncalled for, be now infringed, but that the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pass into a Law, or otherwise that the Town of Faverfiam may be specially exempted from the Operation thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

A Petition of the Joiners employed in the Merchants Petition front Service on the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for grant- East India ing to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protec- sljiPs tion, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for registering Ships built in the Settlements in Possesson of the East India Company; and Setting forth. That,

should the same pass into a Law, the Petitioners, their Families, and all others, the Artificers engaged in Shipbuilding, must of Necessty be involved in Milery and Ruin; and that the enormous Taxes laid on Artificers and Afanufacturers of this Kingdom renders it impoffi-ble for them to w'ork so cheap as in India, where their Burthens are not so great, and, therefore, any Law made to register Ships built in India w'ould give them a decided Advantage over Ships of the same Burthen built in England; and that, should India Ships obtain such an Advantage, the Petitioners, with a great Number of other Artificers, would in a great Measure lose their Employ: And therefore beseeching the House, That the Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ife upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time,

Air. Whitbread reported from the Committee,- to Billow inclo-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common sure Bll and Open Fields, Common Aleadows, and other Com- rep° monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of E/fow, in the County of Bedford, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; anti that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place$ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Baldivin reported from the Committee, to whom Seftrington the Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improv- Irtcl°fure Bill, ing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Set-trington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and . that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they- , -had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

7 B Where

1

554 o 0 Mail

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Quc/lion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro/ild.

aX'nifthe The I Jcufe was moved, That the Petition of Henry Application ' BoideroBarnard, of Snath Cave, in the County of lock,

toa-.iicml Esquire, and John Lockwood, of Beverley, in the said inciofureAt?, County of York, Gentleman, which was presented to itrred, and the House upon Saturday lad, and then ordered to lie dtruikl°r" upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confkieration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of IValkington,in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Henry Boidero Barnard and John Lockwood have Leave to be heard, by themselves, . or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Support of the Allegations contained in the said Second-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Lanc'.fter Scf- A Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting committed. ie Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and alfoa Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blaekburne of Lancaj&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to amend Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to

re 'tors and Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the indented. C Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time. Tomorrow Morning.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, a -iin«TheCry Tradclnten, and other Inhabitants of the County of Poor Bill. Montgomery, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners ap-

prehend there are several Clauses contained in the said Bill which will materially affect their Intereds and Properties, and inevitably occasion a great Increase of the Poor Rates, will operate as an Encouragement to the idle and ditTolute, tend to dellroy the Motives to Ex-9

ertion, and lessen the Remains of Industry amongst the lower Class of People, and will not improve the State of the really industrious and deferring Poor: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, or that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counted, against the lame.

Ordered,'That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according Bill for inclos-to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Walle Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and

Agreement,

other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great - presented. tain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may Hand in the Way of such Agreement:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according Gene al into Order, a Bill for enabling any Person or Persons cn- clolurt Bill, titled to any Wade, Unincloled, and Unproductive PrciclUci1 Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, indole, and hold the same in Severalty: And the same was received; and read the First 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolvcitfolfintoaCbmmittee of the whole House,upon Biiitoam-the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, niim!-thft0 passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled. Banks in &< An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking ,;unltoiiiue

cc 1 T, r TV 11 1 r certain Notes.

" Companies, in that Fart of Great Britain called Scotland, to iliue Notes for Sums, under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying " all Persons who have blued Notes for small Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- inAru&iom mittee, That they have Power to amend the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had.directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Cambrickt Reading of the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of lll>dcfefre

Cambricks

it

37 Geo. III. 9'Mali.

555

Stamp Duties Bill, committed.

Foreign Ships Bill, pallid.

Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of he:a except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this lnstant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Heading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, pra&if-ing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fadtors; and for registering Ships built in the Settlements in Poli'ession of the India Company,

was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 18. \To leave out " in any Part of

& 19. " rica, or the East ."

Pr. 11. 1. 21. To leave out from the Beginning

of the Line to " And," in

Pr. 13. 1. 28.

! 35-

1. 40.

Pr. 14. 1. 8.

Pr. 13. 1. 24.

To leave out from " or" to " of" in 1. 32, and insert " Lieutenant Governors, or Officers " commanding in Chief, " instead thereof.

After " Malabar" to insert "or of

" the 111 and of Trinidad in the " West Indies, or of the Settlemeet of Denierary on the Continent of South America."

To leave out " the said Act" and inlert " an Act made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for the " further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and " Navigation" instead thereof.

To leave out from " or" to " respectively," in 1. 11. and insert " Lieutenant Governors, or " Officers commanding in Chief " at such Places" instead there-

of.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put under H is Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fadors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Maidstone returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Committee said Committee delivered in to the House One of the appointed, said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of George,

Esquire, and William Dundas, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Francis Dickins, Esquire, William Drummond, Esquire,

Sir George Douglas, Baronet, William Adams, Esquire,

Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, the Right honourable SylvefterDouglas, Richard Esquire, the

Honourable Arthur Paget, Charles Smith, Esquire, the Honourable Richard Ryder, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, Sir Richard Carr Glynn, Baronet, Snowdon Barm,

Esquire, George Tierney, Esquire, William Dundas,

Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the there-undersigned Freemen, Electors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, were ivvorn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That a Melfage be sent to the Lords, to de-

delire that their Lordships will continue fitting for some

rp«- 1 0 Lords will

i ime. continue lit-

Ordered, That Mr. Pybus do carry the said Message. 's-

The House wras moved, That the Resolution which Refutation for was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the w

whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further to

of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then StWnaiul agreed to by the House, might be again read. drmeis»

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, NemineContradicente, That a Sum, not " exceeding Three hundred and Seventy-two thousand " Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account,

" towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Expence " to be incurred by an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, according " to the Addition directed by His Majesty's Order in " Council of the 3d of May 1797, and by the proposed " Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Bill ordered Resolution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exche- thereon, quer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Arden, Mr.

Pybus, Lord Hugh Seymour, and Sir Philip Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Minute of House, by His Majesty's Command, ' , Council of jd

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, approving of the proposed Increase to the Wages of the Petty Officers, Seamen, &c. and to the Allowance of Provisions to them and the Officers, &c. — 3d May

1797-

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 52.

At

55&

Maii.

A. 1797,

U

K

«C

u

U

a

<c

At the Court at &««/ s, the 3d of A % 1797;

PRESENT,

The King's Most Excellent MAJESTY in Council.

WHEREAS there was this, Day read at the Board, a Report from a Committee of the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council; viz.

Your Majesty having been pleased, by Your Order in Council of the 26th of this Instant to

refer unto this Committee a Memorial from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in the Words following; viz. '

" May it please Your Majesty,

" Having taken into our Consideration the Situation of the Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, serving on Board Your Majesty's Ships, in respect to the Wages and Proportion of Provisions allowed to them when serving on Board Your Majesty's said Ships; and having consulted some of the most experienced and intelligent Officers in Your Majesty's Naval Service upon thel'e Points, we find they agree in Opinion with us. That, from the great Increase in the Price of every Article of Life, since the prei'ent Rate of Wages was established, it may be for the Advantage of Your Majesty's Service, and an Encouragement to Seamen to enter on Board Your Majesty's Ships, that their Situation be made more comfortable by some Increase to their present Allowance of Wages and Provisions: We do most humbly propose to Your Majesty, That an Addition be made to the W ages of the several Petty Officers, Able Seamen, Ordinary Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, and to the Allowance of Provisions to them, the Officers, and others serving in Your Majesty's Fleet, according to the Plan, and subject to the Regulations hereafter mentioned; viz.

" That an Addition of Five Shillings and Six Pence per Month be made to the present Wages " of the Petty Officers and Able Seamen belonging to Your Majesty's Fleet:

" That an Addition of Four Shillings and Six Pence per Month be made to the Wages of " Ordinary Seamen:

" That an Addition of Three Shillings and Six Pence per Month be made to the Wages of " Landmen:

" That the Allowances, usually called Consolidated Allowances, made to Marines when serving " onShore; viz.To Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, at the Rate of Two Pence; and to " Privates, at the Rate of Two Pence Farthing per , be continued to be made to them, when " embarked and serving on Board Your Majesty's Ships:

" That all Petty Officers, Able Seamen, Ordinary Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, who may " hereafter be wounded in Action with the Enemy, do receive the full Amount of their Wages " until their Wounds shall be healed, or until; being declared incurable, they Hull receive a " Pension from the Chest at Chatham, or be admitted into the Royal Hospital at Greenzvich:

"That a Practice which has hitherto prevailed of deducting One Eighth Part of certain Articks of Provisions, as an Indemnification for Leakage or Waste, be discontinued; and that " the full Allowance of Provisions be issued to the Crews of Your Majesty's said Ships, without " any-Deduction whatsoever, on Account of'Leakage or Waste; and that until fiuch Time as this " Regulation can be carried into Effect, Short-allowance Money be paid to the Crews of such " Ships in lieu thereof:

" And lastly,

" That these Regulations should take Place, and be in Force, from the 24th Day of this " Month.

" Which is nevertheless most humbly submitted.

" Spencer.

" Ph. Stephens.

" J. Gambier.

" Admiralty Office, ' " IP- Young."

" 26th April 1797."

The Lords of the Committee, in Obedience to Your Majesty's said Order of Reference, have this Day taken the said Memorial into Consideration; and do agree humbly to report, as their Opinion, to Your Majesty, That they concur in Opinion with the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; and recommend - to Your Majesty to order. That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. do give Directions to the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, for preparing an Estimate of the Charge of carrying into Execution what is proposed in the said Memorial; and that such Estimate should be laid before Your Majesty in Council.

His Majesty having taken the said Report into Consideration, was pleased, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to approve thereof; and to order, and it is hereby ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. do give Directions to the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy for preparing an Estimate of the Charge of carrying into Execution what is proposed in the said Memorial, and present the same to His Majesty at this Board.

IV. Fawkener.

Sf2l

ufl

Va

UCA

ay

te'

Sri"'

Vv

n.

v.,

'-sd,

I!?.

-2 l

tito.

- Ol.

OrJ.red,

37 Geo. III.

Mail.

557

nflruftiona or allowing :ull Wages to wounded Seamen &c. See.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- report to the House; and he read the Report in his l'uant to the Resolution, which was Yesterday reported Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the was referred to consider further of the Supply granted Amendments were Once read throughout; and then to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question That they do make Provision in the said Bill for allow- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

ing the full Amount of their Wages to all Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, who may hereafter be wounded in Action with the Enemy, until their \Yrounds shall be healed, or until, being declared incurable, they shall have other Provision made for them.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Thel >r(U

will continue fitting.

Seamen's additional Pay Bill, pre lented.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Bill to recap Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant re- of Cause &c.

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred.' consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules and Indictments which aril'e within the Lrtnits Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Petty Ollicers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers Kingdom, of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay

for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Ordered, That Mr. Pybus have Leave to make 1 Mothers. Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the

Clock.

Mr. Pybus reported, That he had, according to Order, ' And he moved the House accordingly; and, been at the Lords, and delivered the Message directed An ingrafted Bill for carrying into Execution His Seamen's ad-by this House; and that the Lords gave Answer, That Majesty's Order in Council of the Third Day of May they will continue fitting for some Timei One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; for

an Increase of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, and to House, according to Order, a Bill for carrying into amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth. Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers Ninety-seven, for an Increaic of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-

commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejij/i\d, That the Dill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be commuted.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council of 3d Council, approving of the proposed Increase to the

committed *

Papers, referred.

Minute of

of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the Third Day of May Ofie thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers.

Ordered, That Mr. Pybus do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

May.

Eftirmte of Increatc of Pay, kc. to Stame n and Marines.

Bill, confuler-ed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

RefThat this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on Wages of the Petty Officers, Seamen, 8cc. and to the- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the' AttornteTpu-

reported.

Allowances of Provisions to them, and the Officers, &c.

3d A say 1797, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His' Majesty's Fleet, according to the Addition directed by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 3d Alay 1797, for One Year; together with the increased Expence attending the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Iloule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pybus took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pybus reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Alt. Pybus accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Vol. 52.

Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year ties Att. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and " Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein " mentioned."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Pfbus have Leave to make a «/

Motion.

7 C< And

1 by

Petition from Dover against the Bill to rc-gulnte the Trial of faults, &c»

The Lords have agreed to

Seamen's additional Pay

Bill.

The Lords have passed

Sir Francis Drake's Dilate Bill.

558

9° Ma

A. 1797.

And he moved the House accordingly; and pre Tented to the House,

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Dover,in the County of Kent, Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this

And he moved the House accordingly; and The said Bill from the Lords was read the Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

First

Sir Francis Drakfc's Estate Bill, read.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the 0$lsAfllnt Black Rod: 10 s‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Kingdom; and Setting forth. That there are divers Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Clauses and Provisions contained therein, which will materially affect the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Cinque Ports, of which Dover is one, and be pro dudlive of great public Inconvenience; and that, from Time immemorial, the Power of trying Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed within the Jurisdiction of the Town of Dover, has been lodged in the Magistrates thereof, and, as far as the Experience of the Petitioners extends, and the Records of the Corporation prove, no Instance of Abuse of such Power appears, and no Inconvenience has ever resulted therefrom, on the contrary, the same has proved highly beneficial to the In-

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commilfibn read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein

habitants of the Town, and the Public in general, and mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness greatly conducive to the Ends of Justice, by the Ease the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of and small comparative Expence with which Crimes York, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His

and Misdemeanors have been brought to Trial, but the Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arch-Petitioners conceive, that, if the present Bill passes into bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of a Law, Prosecutions will be attended with lo much Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and Expence, Loss of Time, and Difficulty, that Persons notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the will be discouraged from engaging in them, Offenders Lord Archbishop of and the Lord High

will go unpunished, and the Peace, Order, and good Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland,

Government, which the Petitioners have the Satisfaction to state, has been hitherto preserved in the Town of Dover, will be highly endangered: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pals into a Law, and that the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, may be particu-

and the Earl of Liverpool, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the Third Day of May One thou-

larly excepted out of it, and that the Petitioners may sand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven, for an Increase be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, their Coun- of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serv-. lei, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as are ing in His Majesty's Navy, and to amend lb much of

prejudicial to the Interests and ancient Rights and Privileges of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed -, and that the

an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers:

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors.

Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Peti- the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to tion, if they think fit. render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious,

and less expensive, and for altering and amending the AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr. Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of die Third Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building

His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Milbrooke, in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentieth

Majesty's Navy, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen,

Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Henry Drake, fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for mak

a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton:

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, mide in the Thirty-

Baronet, and for applying and laying out the Money to aril'e therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

the Counties of

ing and repairing certain Roads in Clackmanan and Perth:

An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates at Mappowder and Plufh, in the County of Dorset, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the County of Bucks, deviled by the Will of John, late Earl Spencer, in Trull, Ordered. That Mr. Francis Lloyd have Leave to make to convey the same to the Right honourable George John a Motion. Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses

9 and

D

‘'-‘-..'ft

37 Geo. III.

9" — to® Mali.

559

and Trusts of the said Will, on the said Right ho- their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the nourable George John Earl Spencer, settling in lieu Committee; and that the Committee had gone through thereof, to the Ui'es and upon the Trusts of the said tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto. Will, his Estate at Chapel Brampton, in the County of which they had directed him to report to the House; Northampton: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Right honourable John Earl of Ashburnham and the Dean Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once and Chapter of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Rectory of Ninfieldfor the Advowson of the Vicarage One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of Ashburnham, both in the County of Sussex: were agreed to by the House.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- ingrossed.

dows, and Common or W afte Land, in Mollington,in

the Counties of Oxford and Warixick, within the Pa-rifli of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Whitch, in the County of Southampton, except the Commonable Lands lying

Mr. Dtcktnfon Senior reported from the Committee, Somerton, &c.

- - - - - Inclosure?''

reported *

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lnc'ofu!e Blll>

the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerton and Compton Dundon, and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called Southmead and King's Moor, situate within the several Pari (Ires of

within the Borough of Whitchurch, and except the Somerton, Long Sutton, Northover, and

Common Arable Field called The Burgage Field:

- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton (except such Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Pariftr and Liber

and the Hamlets or Tithings of Widcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or One of them, and also so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of uninclosed Land, within the said Pariftr of Long Sutton, as appertaineth to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long aforesaid, all in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the

ties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest Committee had examined, and found that the Standing of Whittlewood, or Whittlebury); and for extinguiftring ~ a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Pariftr, called Porter's Wood and Long Hedge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° Maxi 5

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

Cooke's Divorce Bill, committed.

N

ingrossed

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry

A Act

Cooke, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 18th Day of this Instant May, resolvo

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Acres of Land,

' who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 5,726 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickinson Senior reported from the Committee, Holweii, &c. to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill, the several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within rePortc<1-the several Manors of Holivell and Wand in the Parish of Holwell, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that said Bill. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par-mittee. That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to ncifes, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, of Lands of the Annual Value of £.70, who refused if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun- to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands be. id, or produce Witnesses.

Suphomand Mr. Dickinson Senior reported from the Committee, inclosure Bill, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing.

longing to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.1,370, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through reported. the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, within the Parishes of Shipham and Winfcombe, in the which they had directed him to report to the House; County of Somerset, was committed; That the Com- and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards mittee had examined, and fount! that the Standing delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given were agreed to by the House.

VpL. 52.' Ordered,

5 &>

io

Mail.

A. 1797.

Ordered, That ingrafted.

Taylor's Ef-rate Bill, committed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be larging the Tracts and Powers of the said Governors,

and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles William Taylor, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for paying

Sacheverell's, &c. Partition Bill, committed.

Hornby and Tatham Manors Bin, reported, and pali"ed.

lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill inat the Clerk's Table;

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Cambridge, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Harfton, ice. Inclosure Bill, deferred.

VTal.an Cj ram mar School IClUtr: Bill, repotted, and piled.

Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dick-

infon Senior, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was devised by the Will of Anna Maria Sacheverell, Widow, and the other undivided Moiety by the Willo I JaneGough,

Widow, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Sir William reported from the Committee, to Fife Roads,

Moieties, to such Uses as by the said Wills are limited, whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto severally c'0 ejtlon' of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respec- subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Fife, rcp° tively, was read a Second Time. was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Orchard, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative Mr. John Pitt, he.: And they are to meet this Af- to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " repairing the Road from Bridge, by Foodie's

" Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, " and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the " County of Fife," was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which has been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, but find the said Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged:

That the Road striking off or branching from the Turnpike Road from North Queensferry to Coufton, parting through Balmule to Kirkcaldy; the Road from the Toll Bar, situate at the Windy Gates to,

through the Parishes of Kennoway and Markinch, with a Branch to The Plaisterers; the Road from Damhead, in the Parish of Arngoch, till it joins the present Turnpike Road which leads to Kirkcaldy by Clunie, with a Branch from Damhead to; the Road from

Dundee Ferries to Kinrofsshire, through the Parishes of Forgan, Balmerino, Kilmany,

Auchtermuchty, and Strathmiglo, with Branches from the Parish of Balmerino, through Flijk, to Newburgh, and from Balmerino Parish to Kilmany Parish, to Cupar, from Creigh Parish, through Moonzie Parish to Cupar, and Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, through the Parishes of Abdie and Denboig to New-

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, burgh, and a Branch from Monimail Parish to,

An Act for cnabiing the Governors of the Free Gram- another through ColleJJie Parish and Kettle Parish to mar School of Queen Man, at Walsall, in the County New Inn; the Road from Balmaleon to Falklandthe of Stafford, to fell certain Mines under Part of their Road from Newburgh to Kinloch to Shillfbridge, till it Lands, and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their joins the Branch of the Turnpike Road from New Inn;

Lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the the Road from Falkland to Kennoway; the Road from Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for en- the Great Turnpike Road from to and from

are

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. George Wood reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,who heretofore have omitted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguistiing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and ex-fmguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Benefits to such of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trusts thereof, with such Exceptions and Refer-vations only as are in this Bill mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Wood do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

57 Geo. III.

io° M

561

from the Bridge at Letham to through

the Parish of Scoonic; the Road from to

Nezvport, through the Parishes of Linchars and are greatly out of Repair, and narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Noble's Pa-tent Bill, presented.

A Petition of the thereunder-ligned Inhabitants and Potion Owners of Lands within the Townships of xoMington

provided by Law; and that it would be of Public Utility Higher End, and Tottington Forcer End, in the Parish ag/mit Eden-if the same were put under the Care and Management of Bury, in the County of was all'o prel'ented

of the Trustees acting under the above-mentioned Act. to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Bill; and Setting forth. That Edenfield, at or enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, parted in near which the said Turnpike Road is intended to com-the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- mence, is a small Village, and there is not any other tituled, " An Act for making and repairing the ltoad> Village within the said Township of Tottington Higher " from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie'sMill, Inverkeithing, End, and that the said Township is not populous, and

" Aba-dour, Kirkcaldy, Ga/latozvn, and Cameron Bridge, the said intended Turnpike Road cannot lead from

" to Craill, and other Roads, in the County of Fife," Bolton, through Edenfield aforesaid, in a direct or good and for making and repairing other Roads in the said Line, to any other Market Town or Place of great County: And that Sir William Erskine and Mr. Anjlru- Population; and that the whole Line of the same in-ther do prepare, and bring in, the lame. tended Road lies at a Distance from the populous VII-

lages between Bolton and Edenfield, and leads through Mr. Charles Dundaspresented to the House, accord- a Country having few Inhabitants, and has in many ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in Mark Noble, his Places a bad Bottom, that is distant from Materials for Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use making and repairing the fame, is very circuitous, and and Property of a certain Pump or Engine, of his In- in many Places rises and falls very rapidly, and it will vention, throughout that Part of Great Britain galled be no Accommodation to the Public, but particularly England, for a further Time to be limited: And the burthensome to the Townships of Tottington Higher

Hairold Inclosure Bill, reported.

fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Osborn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of Har-rold, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Coun-closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the think fit.

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Committee; and that the Committee had gone said Petition, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there

End and Tottington Lower End, who muttftill continue to repair their present Highways, and in the former of which Townships Three Turnpike Roads are already made, and that it will be serviceable only to a tew Individuals: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that

Tower Hill Improvement Bill, presented.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Curtis presented to the House, ac-

Mr. Hobart, from the Select Committee, who were Malmesbury appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- Elefl.ion>tlt"

ff r 1 „ , r-/- t r termineii.

tition ot James John rafiar, Elqutre, complaining ot an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petition did wholly depend upon the Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements

cording to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they cleanfins, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, respectively contended.

Petition in Favour of Edenfield and Bolton Roads Bill.

_ _

the open Space of Great Tower Hill, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Manufacturers, in the Towns of Bolton-in-

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioner delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioner state, That the " Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament " for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of " Wilts, is in the Alderman, Capital Burgesses, Affistants. Landholders, and Commoners, of the said " Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Philip le-Moors and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Metcalfe, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton-in-le-Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the

The Counsel for the Sitting Member state. That " the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County " of Wilts, is in the Alderman and Twelve Capital " Burgesses only."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petitioner, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Bo-the County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying. That rough of.

the said Bill may pass into a Law. That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Coun-

Vol. 52. 7 D fel

L

Rill to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, passed.

Bill to amend Debtors and Creditors Atf, commuted.

Bill to amend Attornies Duties A«St, reported.

ID

A. 1797,

fel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have determined, ' _

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmejhury.

That the said Select Committee have also determined.

That Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury,in the County of Wilts:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said James John Najjar, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Comipittee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossied)to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow " the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ifi'ue Notes

for Sums, under a certain Amount, for a limited " Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have " issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part " of the United Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rc/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled," An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr. M‘Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

" in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned,k was committed.

Mr. Wigleyaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ' Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingroHed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Edenfield aid Reading of the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near nutted. Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Higher

End, in the Parish of Bury,to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton-in-le-Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of TottingtonLower End, to or near Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of

Bury,all in the County Palatine of;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were propolcd to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word now " Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in 11 Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act,

" to make Discovery cf, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit,", as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies

3

Stanley,

Peek':

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,] IV'

( Mr.

r,.. 11 r ,1 \r f Mr. oed,

1 cllers for the Noes, ., n , ? '

( Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

59-

None.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Anti the House being informed that no Counlcl attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Peek, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pogham and Mr.

Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, lngs, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of,

otherwise Dodington, in the County of Pluntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing or re-building the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosng, the Open

and

The lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuitiej.

Piddington Incloi ure Bid.

Bridgnorth. Bridge Bill.

Coin S lint Dennis Inclosure BilL

37 Geo. lit.

10

Mail.

B.l' to r.mcnd Act re-ipccrini: the Negotiation of I'romuTory Notes with Amendments.

The Lords Eive passed

Beach's Estate Bdl.

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of Glou-after; without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seven- teenth Years of the lleign of His present Majesty,

44 for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes,

44 and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum,

44 within that Part of Great Britain called England f with some Amendments , to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, in Trufrees, to be sold, and for inveiling the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Lies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tn-

tc

Committee of Ways and Nkaas.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ch?dr.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llefolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to Teceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directecl by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

O #

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rei'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtl\er of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to His Majesty.

Motion for

Words " presenting, or causing to be presented," stead thereof; to leave out the Word " has " and insert the Word "have" instead thereof; to leave out the Word "his" and insert the Word "their" instead thereof; and to leave out the Word " deserves " and insert the Word " deferve" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " to present ' Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words u presenting, or causing to be presented," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word has " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " have" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word his " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put; That the Word their" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word ‘ deserves " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " deferve" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended; being pro- Motion for posed. That His Majesty's Ministers, having so long Mifofforfwith delayed presenting, or causing to be presented, to this respN to The House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray Seamen, the Expence for the Increase of Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet; and for the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions, have been guilty of a gross Neglect of their Duty, and deserve the Censure of this House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer returned into the House.

And the Question being put, That His Majesty's Ministers, having so long delayed presenting, of causing to be preferred, to this House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence for the Increase of Pay of the SeamenandMarinesof His Majesty'sFleet, and for the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions, have been guilty of a gross Neglect of their

Neg.

t> _ i _

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Duty, and deserve the Censure of this House;

Seamen,

amended.

Mr.f<PittSwith P°ftd, That the Right honourable William Pitt, hav-resptft to the ing so long delayed to present to this House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Expence for the Increase of Pay of the Seamen and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, and for the proposed Issue of Full Allowance of Provisions, has been guilty of a gross Neglcdl of his Duty, and deserves the Cenlure of this House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea}

Tellers for the Noes, { }

So it passed in the Negative.

63.

37-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House: will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred>

de«

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His posed to be made to the Question; viz. Majesty.

To leave out the Words u the Right - honourable " William Pitt," and insert the Words " His Majesty's " Ministers" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " the " Right honourable William Pitt " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " His Majesty's Ministers" be inserted instead thereof; \

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed/ to be mack to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " to present " and insert the ‘ Vol. 52. ' Jovts,

L

564 II

yovts) ii° die Mail;

Anno 37° Georgii II1, U Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Adderbury A N ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing, RMd°Bilird Lm. improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road

puffed. ' leading from the Guide Post in the Village of

bury, in the County of , through , to

the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford, was ‘ read the Third Time.

fi-efolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from ' the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through , to the End of

the Mileway in the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whnd'T,m An ingrossed Bill to embank and drain the Open Drainage Bill, and Unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between passed. the Dales Head Dyke and the River IVitkam, in the several Townships or Hamlets, and Parishes, of Timber/and Thorpe, Timberland Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to embank and drain the Open and Unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales Head Dyke and the River in the several Town-

ships or Hamlets, and Parishes, of Walcot, Timber land Thorpe, TimberlandMartin, Linwood, and , all

in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill forequa- Mr. Ma'mwaring reported from the Committee, to CoimtyRate w orn the Bill for empowering the Justices of the lorMiddlesex, Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General reported. or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, was1 committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

FUiow indo- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-«£ mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other ' ' Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Pa-rifii of Eljlow, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Comtnon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elfiozv, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fife Roads Sir William Erjkinepresented to the House, accord-Bffi.presented. ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His pre-font Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making 1

Mail A. 1797.

" and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridgp, by " Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy,

" latown, and Cameron Bridge, to and other

" Roads, in the County of Fife?' and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to Bamhy ana

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths,

Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within reported.' ' the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford,in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 50. 3 j. 4 d.per Annum, who rc-fused to sign the Bill i and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 24, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 580. 16 s.8 d.pei- Annum; and that no Per-

Ton appeared before the Committee to oppole t he Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trinity House for veiling several Messuages and Hereditaments, in jj te Bill> the Parish of Allhallozvs Steyning, in the City of Lon- ' don, in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens of the same Parish, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmct and Mr. The Lords

Popham: have pallid

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, Intituled, An Act M'Gauiey to dissolve the Marriage of James MeGauley with D,v0,w llL zabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill, read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, Bill to amend according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and ren- the

der more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of packing, Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses and ot ®utter'

" Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, preenK " and to repeal certain Acts relating the retoAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords A-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, Act re-an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, 1"fti,0hne intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited Time,

of Fromillbry 4< the Notts, agreed to.

37 Geo. III.

11° M

565

" the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waite " Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Grounds, in the Parishes of and in

" jesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promifl'ory the County of , be now read the Third Time}

" Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a li mited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England."

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth} viz.

Leave out " is" and insert " was."

Pr. 1. 1. i'

1. xi

" shall " and insert

1. 24. I. 25.

1 0 1 1- OJ-

1.36.

" shall " and insert " shall " and insert " shall " and insert

Pr. 2. 1.

6.

1. 12

Leave out " shouldJ Leave out " lliould."

Leave out " should.'

Leave out " should."

Leave out from " prescribed " to " And," in Press 2, Line 2; and, in the same Line, leave out from " Whereas" to " it," in Line 4, in the same Press.

Leave out " same " and insert " said " Act }" and in the same Line, after " be" insert " revived, altered, and and also, in the same Line, and Line 6, after " continued " insert " and that the " laid Term of T'hree Days therein mentioned, should be extend-c‘ ed to Seven Days."

». Leave out " therefore."

Leave out from "That" to " the,"

Mr. Ryder (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted < the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pafsk. And that the Title Bill paired, be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney and Scopvtick, in the County of Lincohi.

Ordered, That Mr. Vynerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

in Line 13, in the same Press;

r. 2. 1. 20.

1. 21.

and, in the same Line, leave out from " Act" to " the," in Line 20, in the same Press, and insert " shall be, and the same is hereby " revived. And it is further Enact ed. That the said Act shall be in " Force from."

After " of" insert " this Instant;" and, in the same Line, leave out " next," and insert " and that."

Leave out " such," and, in the same Line, after " Payment " insert " of " any Note, Draft, or Lndertaking in Writing therein nvntioned."

Leave out "Ten" and insert " Seven." After " Act " insert " lo revived and ' " amended as aforesaid."

Leave out from " Continuance " to " until," in Line 28, of the same Press.

In the Title of the Bill:

After " to " insert " revive."

And it appearing that the said Bill passed this House and was lent to the Lords on the 25th Day ot last, and that the Act therein proposed to be continued expired on the lit Day of this Instant Max, during the P rcgrcls of the said Bill in the House of Lords; and that the said Amendments, so far as they relate to the Revival and Continuance of the said Act, were made by the Lords in consequence of the same having actually expired;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second

1. 22. I. 25.

1. 27.

1. 1.

Mr. Abbot, from the Selcft Committee appointed Third Ryoort-to examine and Hate the Total Amount of the Public commitue Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the ffnaaee. fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797} distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, ter each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exilled previous to the 5th of January 1793} and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, vviihin the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and slate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797 } and of the expected Total Amount of the Pubac Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the tame; and who were instrufted to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to controul the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House, reported; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them

Time , and, upon the Question severally put there- be printed.

referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's T able: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix,

upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. WilberjorctBird do carry' the Bill to the Lords-, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The laid Report is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, re'corom"

King's Con- A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws re »fv,tJtc'llluk" dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half speeling Vagrancy, be now read.

* u >iurc Bill. Vol. 52. 7 E And

lV.il to am V arrant 1

KvT'ort Ways

~iui MtlUlS.

F failing I Hi lies on lV>lides of In-I uranic.

Granting nrher Duties rhercon.

Bench's F.hate Bril, read.

Ditton Inclosure Bill, re-

pultcu.

566 110 Mail. A. 1797.

And the said Ordei being read accordingly;

The House reiolved itleif into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hcnniker Major took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hcnniker Major reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the lleport be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Befohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Six Shillings, and of Eleven Shillings, respectively charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrolfcd, printed, or written, any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, shall cease and determine.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed, printed, or written, any Policy of Insurance lor in-luring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, where the Sum insured thereon shall not amount unto One thousand Pounds, and a Duty of Six Shillings where the Sum insured thereon shall amount unto One thousand Pounds or upwards.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.7

Ordered, That it be an Instruft ion tb the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better le-curing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of justice in Great Britain, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the lot tied Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wile of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, in Trustees, to be loki, and for inveiling the Money arising by l'uch Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackbu.rne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Township of Dillon, in the Parish of Brcfcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 80 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, amounts to 715 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

u 7 # #

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

A Me (Eure by Sir Francis Alo/yneux, Gentleman Roys Ulher of the Black Rod: " *

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Rojal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable lloule in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the liouie, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Air. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the i Joule of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal flighnels the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, H is Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of,

Dor jet, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities:

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto:

An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, at IValfall, in the County of Stafford, to fell certain Alines under Part of their Lands, and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes:

An Act for establifiling and renderingeflfcftual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lord ship ol Hornby, and Manor of Fat ham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omitted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary flight of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of such

1 A (Tent

u-oogie

11° — 12° Mail.

37 Geo. III.

of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Penckts to Inch of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trulls thereof, with such Exceptions and Kelervations only as are in this Bill mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, deviled by the W ill of James , Esquire, of and in several Ellatcs in the Counties of Monmouth and 67; mender,in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchnle of other Ellatcs, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, deviled by the Will of Salter, Esquire, deceased,

and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Lies:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, in the Parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the County of G/curc/'er:

An Act for diriding, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of DiUi.i'S'm,othenvile Dodingtvt, in the County of Han tine, inn:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcott ,in the County of Somerset.

Bill for prc1- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into v-ntiivirDt-itr- further Consideration the Report from the Committee iKn,°iL-.iia re- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing committed. the Desertion of Seamen from Merchant Ships

trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the IVt'Jl Indies, was re-committed;

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately', resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. coni'Jered. The House accordingly resolved iti'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had made fume further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow'

Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House resolved it fell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire took the Chair of

the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne ol Lancashire reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mofrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieu- Bill for ia-tenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Imports- &c. inthc tion and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read; _ .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve if self into a Committee of the whole ferrcd House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Croydonln' Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, committed.' Common Marshes, Heaths, Waflcs, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Rif ell. Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Morning.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- Warklndo-Commfctec on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tain Common Moor or Traci of Walle Ground, called committed.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Ba-Ci-ylirorj upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made rony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of

Mt- in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Time.

" Debtors, with relped to the Imprisonment of their Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wil " Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue liam Sir John Frederick, See.: And they are to

" in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the " for Shuts not exceeding what are mentioned in the Speaker's Chamber.

" Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," as relates Mr. Edward Fo/ey reported from the Committee, Perrotf to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

V'oj.. 5a. An paired. '

S'nithoe Incisure Bill, passed.

Petition for additional Provision in lladdcnham, fvc. Drainage Bill, reported

568 12 0 Mail.1797>

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, deviled by the Will of John Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of One thouiamh Pounds, arising from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said deviled Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase ot other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Lies, and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant Building and other Leases or the Laid deviled Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bjll, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Sent hoe, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and \Vrafte Grounds, in the Parish of Sou!hoe, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in Sutton, Stretham, and Had-denham, in the Iile of Ely and County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had not been complied with, it not having been found necessary to apply to Parliament for Power to include the Lands mentioned in the Petition until after the Time limited for giving the Notices was expired; and that the Whole of the Lands to be included amounts to Filly-one Acres, or thereabouts, the Proprietors of all which have consented; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William IVaudly being examined, laid, That if certain Fen Lands lying in Sutton, near Sutton Gault, called Holts and Holbrookes, and a certain Part of Stretham Common, near the Ferry, on the North East Side of HadJenham Learn, or iV'hart, were put under the Care and Management of the Commissioners appointed by the Bill now depending in the House, to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth A ear of his late Majesty's Reign, for the effectuul Draining and Prelcrvation of Haddenham Level, in the Isle of Ely, and for more effectually draining and preferring the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the said Level, it would be a great Advantage to the Proprietors of the said Lands, and tend to the more ealy and effectual Drainage of the said Level.

O. dered, 'That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and render-4 \

ing more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level, in the lile of Edy," and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for draining certain Fen Lands lying in the Parish of Sutton, near Sutton Gault, called Holts and Holbrookes, and a certain Part of Stretham Common, near the Ferry, on the North East Side of Haddenham Learn or IVhart.

A Petition of the Prisoners (in Number 210) confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, _D(:ljlors fc-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That a considerable Number of the Petitioners have been confined in this Prison, from Three to Four Years, with scarcely any Thing but the Gaol Allowance to subsist upon, to the great Detriment of their Healths, and Ruin of their Families, while the Community laments the loss of many Individuals, who would cheerfully give up their all, if that would satisfy their Creditors, that they might be thereby enabled to purlue their respective Trades and Professions, and, by honed Industry, support themselves and Families, and render that Service to the Public at large that is ex-pefted from them in their Individual Capacity; and that the Petitioners sincerely lament the pro font Situation of Public Affairs, and, as many of them have had the Honour to be at lead useful in the Army and Navy, they feel indignantly their present Thraldom, while their Breads glow with Ardour to be again called forth into Public Service, and, by iignalizing themselves, add fresh Honours to that Country, in Defence of which they would proudly die; and that, without the Interference of the House, the Petitioners have the gloomy Prospect of perpetual Imprisonment before their Eyes; and as this Prison in particular is, at present, to crowded, that there are from 15 to 25 Persons in One Room, comparatively small, consequently they have every Thing to fear from Epidemic Diseases, their dreadful Forerunners, extreme Poverty and Want, having unfortunately too long taken up their Abode in this Place: And therefore imploring the House, to take their distressing same into serious Consideration, and by commilerating their Situation, and that of their Wives and Families, they implicitly rely upon the Humanity that, in all lustances of Distress and Misery, has ever dignified a British House of Commons, ior some Mode ot Relief, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Necessity of their same requires, and to the \Y ifdoin and Justice of the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to xMr. Alderman AnJerfon, Mr.

Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for empowering the Justices of Bill for the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their Ge- c'counfv neral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair Rate for Midland equal County Rate for the said County, was read diciex,jui»tJ. the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of MiddLfex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwairing do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Pe-

T:.:

v.

f-g

I' -

l..v

fc-iV. I i U- —

r"

o,;:

\ Bv

t -.1

K

r

A

37 Geo. III.

12° Maii.

569

WinchtfttT Debtor Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in H is Majesty's Prisonat Winchester,was presented to the I Joule, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition in r« your o( Bill to rep'Ml P3 rt of/Vet for prohibiting the ExnjfUtion of Com, Arc.

Mr. Manning's Petition re ter red to a Committee.

Moorlinch Inclosure Bill, committed.

Liverpool Pilot: Bill, Committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Heritors, and Commidinners of Supply, of the County of Kincardine, assembled at the Annual General Meeting of the Commillicners ot Supply, under Authority of the Act of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof: And praying, That the same may pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Edward Manning, Et'quire, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Combe, Mr. tViibcrfurce. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allen,

Mr. Dickinson Senior, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel

Gascoytie, General Tarlelon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering

also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better efi'eduating other Regulations relative thereto, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Id. 30. 1. 16. To leave out from " assembled " so " thall," ini. 18.

Pr. 32. 1. ult. To leave out from " not" to "Provided," in Pr. 33. 1. j8. '

Pr. 33. 1. 31. To leave out from "any" to the End of 1. 33.

1. ult. To leave out from " such " to the End of the Line.

Pr. 34. I. 24. To leave out from " Assessments " to the End of 1. 26.

1. 22. To leave out from "assessed" to " and."

Pr. 39. 1. 23. To leave out from " respectively" to " And," in Pr. 40. 1. 37.

Pr. 41. I.21. To leave out fropi "Ad " to "And," in Pr. 44. 1. 2.

Pr. 45. 1. 2. After " then " to insert " such " Beadle shall no longer continue " an Overseer and "

Pr. 46. 1. 3. After " Directors " to insert " or " any Three or more of them. " After " Directors " to insert " or " any Three or more of them. " After " Directors " to insert " or " any Three or more of them. " After " Directors " to insert " or " any Three or more of them. "

To leave out from " Houses " to " as, " in 1. 24.

The said Amendments were, upon the Questiorf severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more 'effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners " of the Parish of ChristChurch, in the County of " Midd/efex, to purchase, hire, or ered, a Workhouse,

" for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the " said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and " Employment of the Poor therein," and also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and

I 1 1. 22.

Pr.

29.

57- J-

Oxhill Tn-

cloture Bill, committed.

Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Ox-hill, in the County of kf'anviek, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augufus William Shuck burgh Evelyn, Sir John Mor daunt. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Curtis presented to the House, ac- RyeHarbour cording to Order, a Bill for discontinuing the New 'prc ente ' Harbours of Rye, in Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Dif-

House refblvcs to adjourn to Month y.

Christ: Church Poor Bill, putccL

charge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Im-

I Joule this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrafted

Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of t iic Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Ad more effectually to enable the " Parishloners of the Parish of Church, in the'

" County of Middlesex,to purchase, hire, or ered, a " Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the " Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual " Support and Employment of the Poor therein," and Vol.

provement of the Old Harbour of: And same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the

Mr. Alderman Curtis presented to the House, ac- Ramsgate cording to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in Har oaLBl the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present nt Majesty, intituled "An Act for the Maintenance and " Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the " County of Kent, and for cleansing, amending, and " preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same 7 F " County

V

FEast India Company's Volunteer Corps Bill, committed.

Again ro-CPIllMitted Bill for pro. venting Dele rtion ot‘ teamen, reported,

Canterbury Rem rn, tie, fermmed.

570 ' 'i20 Matt.

" County: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warchoules of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for encouraging and difeiplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall " voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of " their Counties, Towns, or Coalts, or for the general " Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the Twenty-second Day of this Inltant May, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from Biitijli Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, was again recommitted.

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the 'Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ' Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being levcrally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Milford, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition

of John Callaway, John Minter, Edward Hambrook, Richard Hambrook, Richard Dixon, Jefife White, "Thomas Salmon, William Mat her s, James Robertson, Robert Hares Leygett, George Culmer, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Pittman R01 fe, George Kirkby, George Kirkby J unior, Daniel Tom ting, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, John So a thee, Richard Elwyn, Edward Goldfinch, James Elwyn, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudfion, Thomas

I / 'nits, Thomas Richard [on, Edward HomerJliam, James lhmersham, Robert Fca, John Cheavele, John Halbet, Jobi Marrab/c, Henry Kirkby, John Pringuer, and William Thornton, in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City oi Canterbury, and County of the same City; and ailb, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury > and County of the same City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have resolved,

That the Committee,which was appointed to consider the former Petition of John Callaway, Charles Delmar, Thomas Marsh, John Winter, Stephen Coachman, John Mar-raf'le, Robert Hayes Leggett, John Sonthce, George Culmer, Edward Goldfinch, Henry Kirkby, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Tom ling, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, Charles Pittman Rouse, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hud Jon, Thomas

II bite, Thomas RacharJfon, James Elwyn, George Barber,

John Penfold, Richard Elwyn, Thomas Rouse, 'Joan Cheavele, Robert Fea, John Halbet, James Ilomersham, Edward Humersham, Richard Dixon, James Pratt, Pilchard Hambrook, EJ'ward Hambrook, William Hate turn, IP 11 ham Thornton, William Mathers, James Robertson, Henry Kempy John Pringuer, Thomas Salmon, JeJJ'e IP kite, and Charles Farris, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, having declared the Election of John Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, void (the said Petition containing no oilin' Allegations than of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal P raft ices) it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Election was declared void for Bribery and corrupt Practices only.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Baker, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Samuel Elias Saw'bridge, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That George Gipps, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Hollywood, Baronet, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Canterbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of John Callaway, John Minter,

Edward Hambrook, Richard Hambrook, Pi/chard Dixon,

JeJJ'e White, Thomas Salmon, William Mathers, James Robertson, Robert Hayes Leggett, George Culmer, James Lawrence, William Lawrence, Charles Pittman Rouse, George Kirkby, George Kirkby Junior, Daniel Tom ling, Thomas Benford, William Bounds, John Southee, Richard Elwyn,

Edward Goldfinch, James Elwyn, Charles Friend, Thomas Henry Hudfion, Thomas White, Thomas Richardfion, Edward Homer/ham, James Homer [ham, Robert Fea, John Cheavele,

John Halbet, John Marrable, Henry Kirkby, John Pringuer, and William Thornton, in Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do canterbury attend this House immediately, with the last Return nTcd for the City of Canterbury, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names of John Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, and inferring the Names of George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending,

according

37 Geo. III.

12

Mail

571

according to Order, amended the said Return accor- other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several ' dingly. Parishes of Somerton, and Compton Dundon, and certain

Leave given Ordered, That all Persons claiming to have a Right Open or Commonable Lands, called Southmead and

forEie&outo voting at Elections for Citizens to serve in Parlia- Kings Moor, lituate within the several Parishes of

C merit for the said City of Canterbury, be at Liberty to Somerton, Long Sutton, King [don, Nort hover, and Uchester,

petition this House, touching the Election for the said and the Hamlets or Tunings of PVidcornbe, Ash, and

Further Report i'rom

Canterbury Election Committee.

City, within Fourteen Days next, if they think, fit.

Air. Alitford also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc thereunto l'ubicribed, on Rehalf of tiiemlelves and others, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, so far as it purports to be a Petition again it Jehu Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, is fraudulent, and has been pre-iented for the Purpose of supporting the Interests of the said John Baker and Samuel Elias

Milton,in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them; and also so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll,in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Holwell, &«. the several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Holwell and and in P

the Parish of Holwell, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Holwell and H 'oodbridge, and in the

Oideird, That the said Report do lie upon the Parish of Hokve/l, in the County of Somerset.

Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend

committed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, ilif palfking"5 an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, &c. of Butter, " An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the " Packing, Weight, and Sale, of Butter, and to repeal " certain Acts relating thereto," was read a Second Time.

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Sec.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to nmend Attornies Duties Act, polled.

Somerton, &rc. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Mr. Henniker Major, according to Order, reported j e from the Committee of the whole Iloule, to whom the Va rant'Lws, Bill to amend the Laws respecting Vagrancy, was re- reported, committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), being severally read Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put made in the Thirty-fourth )ear of the Reign of His thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, for repealing so much of Acts, 17 Geo. II. and 32 Geo. III. as directs Justices to punish Offenders, and making it discretionary, being read a Second 'Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr.

Mr. Mainzcaring:

Tellers for the Noes r' \ _

1 eilers for the JN oes, (Mr :) >

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Refiduc of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- agreed to by the House, doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pal- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within ingrafted.

the several Parishes of Somerton, and Compton Dundon, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

upon Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

preleni Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of " Cierkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the " Courts in England therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved,"That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain " Stamp Duties on Indentures of Cierkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England " therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. IJ'iglevdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Yeas

8

J

3 -

and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called South-

mead and King's Moor, situate within the several Parishes pi Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingsdon, Northover, and //-chejer, and the Hamlets or lithings of Hidcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them and alto so much of a certain Allotment or Traci of uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertaineth to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. The Lords Popham: . W to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An chaddefley Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Corbett in-mons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within clofureBUL

Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of Somerset, was the Manor and Parish of Corbett, in the

read the Third Time.

Rcfdvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Vol. $2.

County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Basingstoke, Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the

Lincoln Road Bill.

The Lords have passed

Pilot's Elfote Bill.

Harrov,-School Exchange Bill.

Bill for allowing Discounts on Loan, preluded.

Conrmittre on Tmtv of ( o imc. rcc w. h Amti ica, d -ter reu.

Bill to en: hlc trx Kitt India Cvmpmty to adman iter rt it iin O tths, O. terred.

572 12 — 156 Maiu 1797.

the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tire Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Rafingf.oke,through Worton, Overton, Whitchurch,

born Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Comer, in the Parish of Winterfloiv,in the County of Wilts, and of another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road from Spittle House,over Weyhill, to Mullen's Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangles', and from Charlton to Bottom,

and from Weyhillto Sarfon Street, and also the Road throdgh the said Town of and all'o for amending, widening, and keeping in Repast, certain ether Roads in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Piace called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of CanwickHill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of he said Hill; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Trustees to fell and dispol'e of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Bigot, Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplow, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County of Salop; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the in the County of Midd/efex, and John Hunter, of in

the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Midd/efex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

Ordered, That die Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the f.ufl India Company to administer Oaths to certain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to the said Company, against the Practice of buying

and felling the Commands of such Ships, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend lb much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Irnprifonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who " shall continue in Execution in - Prison beyond & " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Dilcovcry of, and " deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned, was committed, be received Upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LunePy 150 die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison for the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the confined Debtors in Fi/Jierton Gaol, Sa/isbury: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James EVGauley with Elizabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Inllant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-lei, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork, was committed; That the Committee

had

Ways and Means, deterred.

Supply deferred.

Bill to amend

Debtors and Creditors A#, deterred.

Warwick, Fisherton Gaol, and Liverpool Debtors Petitions.

McGauleyf4 Divorce Bill, committed.

Cridling Stubbs Inclo sure Bill, reported.

7 Geo. III.

IS

o

J>

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which

Main

573

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,to Mr. Chute,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock} in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrolied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trinity House

they had directed him to report to the House; and he for veilingfeveral MelTuagesand Hereditaments, in the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Parish of in the City of London, com,mt-t

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table': in the Ci

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolied.

O

fceverlcy, &c. Drainage Petition, reported.

Mr. Henry Lafcdles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the several rarillies, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships; Precincts, and Territories, therein rqentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition Mr. ChristopherKe/J facing examined, said, That there are within the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories of Beverley, Saint , John of Beverley, Crovchill,

eroft, Leckoujie/J Arrant, Sco Lockington, A\ke,

Bejivuk, Wi/j/ulme, Kilmvick, Wat ton,

Rotjea, Feat her holme, Skcarnc, Brigham, Fiji-holme,

to:i, Lozafherpc, Harpham, FraiJUiorp,

Agnes, Granjmoor, Lif'et, BarmjloUlram otherwise

ram, Skipfca, Beeford, North

Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Goodhill

House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the Eall Riding of the County of York, several Low Grounds and Carrs, which arc lobjeft to be frequently overflowed, and are other-wile in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were properly drained, and preserved from being overflowed, and put in a State of Improvement, very considerable Advantage would arise to the several Persons interested therein, and to the Public.

Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tower Hill Improvement

A Bill For paving, lighting, watching, cleansing; wa tering; improving, and keeping in Repair, the "Open Commit-Space of Great Tower Hill, and for , removing and pre- ted.' venting Nuisances and Annoyances within the lame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr: Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Shiphnni and ing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and JVjj combe being within the Parishes of S/iipham and IVinfcombe, paded. in the County of Somnfct, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be> An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Shipham and Winfcombt, in the County of Somofet.

Ordered, That Mr. Dichhfon Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mf. Mainwaring reported frofn the Committee, to Pancmi Piv-

whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all lUch Streets and other 1 Public Passages as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spin-fter, situate in the Parish of SaiPancras, in the County of Middlesex,was committed; and to whom

the Petition of the several Persons (Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had con-fldered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories of Re- made several Amendments thereunto, which they had verley. Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sandholme,chrested him to report to the House; and he read the

Storkhill, Mole/,croft, Lechmfdd Arram, Scarbrough, Lock- RePort ln his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill,

ingion, Ayke, Befwick, Wilfholme, Kilnwick, Walton, Hut- the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

ton-Craufwick, Rotfea, Feat her holme, Skcarne, Brigham, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Fish-holme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Fafion, Fraif-a‘ld then a Second Time, One by One; and Upon the

thorp. Burton-Agnes, Granjmoor, Lif et, Barmston, Ulram QueT°n severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Beach's Etiate B:!i, committed.

otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Beeford, North Frodiugham,

Brandes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hemp-

holme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East

Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lafcdles and Mr. IllIberfurcedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Part of Time.

the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclos- Dltton lucking, the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the lure Bin, Township of Dillon, in the Parish of Prefect, in the ' County . Palatine of Lancaster,was read the Third

the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of chael Hicks Beach, Ei'quire, in Trullces, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Vcl. 52.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township

7 G

o'-

Petition from certain Julliccs of Laucaster agairut L-m-caster hellions Bill.

B <mb\ and Mutton! In -doiurc Bill, pa lied.

574

15

Mali.

A,

1797‘

of Dillon, in the Parish of Pin the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburncof do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

A Petition of the several Perform, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Justices of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentlemen, Clergymen, or Freeholders, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being perfectly satisfied with the System adopted by the WHHom of their Ancestors, and still subsisting, for the Dispensation of Justice, and transacting every other Business within the Cognizance and Power of Justices of the Peace, assemblea in Sessions for the said County Palatine, and being fully convinced that long Experience will warrant them in stating such System, when duly attended to and enforced, to be adequate for the Production of every beneficial Purpose, and being at the same Time ferioully apprehen-live, that, should such a Bill be permitted to pass into a Law, very prejudicial Consequences might enfile therefrom; they cannot, without an Abandonment of that fc)uty which they owe to themselves, to their Defendants, and to the Public at large, forbear expressing to Parliament their most pointed Disapprobation of the meditated Change in those Laws and Municipal Insti-tutes which, under the Blessing of Providence, heretofore did, and still might, tend to secure the Happiness, and promote the Prosperity, of so great and opulent a County; and that divers of the Petitioners are resident in the Northern Parts of the County, and in that extensive District known by the Name of which

is separated from the more Southerly Parts by Two large Estuaries, never capable of being traversed, save only at those Times when left dry by the Eflux of the Sea, which Circumstance being the Work of Nature, and peculiar to the Situation of the Petitioners so resident, and who can, by Appeal to the General County Rates, prove that they contribute their full Proportion to ease the Burthens of the County, they do most humbly, but most confidently contend, that the Natural Inconveniencies under which they labour, with Justice cannot, and in Policy ought not, to be augmented by compelling their Attendance at any Courts farther distant than the Town of Lancaster: And therefore, confiding in the Wisdom and Justice of the House, that a System, which has prevailed for more than Four Centuries, may not be set aside by a Mcalure less beneficial to the general Interests of the County, inferring Discredit to those who have heretofore discharged many Parts of the Business which relates to the County at large, and which would be productive of very serious Detriment to the Petitioners and others, pray. That the said Bill may mot pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by Counsel, against the fame, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrolfcd Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands,

within the Pari flic's of Barnbyand M in the Coun-

ty of -Suffolk, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petitions from City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, was andfdkeltone presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of againstthc Bill the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indict- xri2o teth ments which arile within the Limits of certain Cities Causes,&c. and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That there are divers Clauses and Provisions contained therein, which will very materially affect their ancient Rights and Privileges, and be productive of great Public Inconveniencies; and that the Petitioners conceive, if the present Bill pafies into a Law,

Prosecutions will be attended with so much Expence,

Loss of Time, and Difficulty, that Persons will be discouraged from engaging in them, Felonies will not be prosecuted,. Offenders will go unpunished, and Peace,

Order, and good Government, will be highly endangered: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the City of Canterbury may be particularly excepted out of it, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests and ancient Rights and Privileges of the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, Justices of the Peace for the said Town, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pass into a Law, and that the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, may be particularly excepted out of it, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests, ancient Rights and Privileges, of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill for more effectually prevent- Dayappointed ing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrossing of Live ea nTof Cattle, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning cattle Kore-next. _ Hailing Bill.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the jpncl0 Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County p fed.' ' of Montgomery, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. 1?. After " Kind," to insert, " or such " Modus or Modules, or Pavments in lieu of Tithes in " Kind, as shall be due and pavable in respect of such Aliotments, and by Law, and by " Right, ought to be paid for " the fame."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title

be.

37 Geo. III. i5°

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered That Mr. Francis Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lordst and delire their Concurrence,

Eindridge In Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to icpsiUcE111, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Linaridge,in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates allelled to the Land Tax atj£. i. 19 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, is aifefied at £. 284. 7 4 or thereabouts;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,.in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

P>on E.'Ute An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ifl,rtad. £or |-)etter enabling the Trustees to sell and dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot, Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Hod-

nett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon , in the County of Salop, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend Mr. Blackburne of according to Order,

editors Act, reported trom the Committee of the whole House, to imported. whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons, and to obliVe Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the livid Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

M-iiHrtone Mr. Douglas, from the Selcft Committee, who were Kieition, de- appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe-mitd. tition of the thereunder-signed Freemen, Electors for the Borough of Maidstone,in the County of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Vol. 52.

Mail. 575

Borough, informed the House, That. the said Selcft Committee have determined,

That Oliver De Lancey, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the there-undersigned Freemen,

Electors for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined, .

That the Opposition of the said Oliver De Lancey,

Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Adjourned 1 the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Reporton Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill for pre-preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Mer-, chant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and men,°reiwned. Islands in the West Indies, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThurjdftyMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrolled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House stamn Duties to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, Blll>deferred. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, praftif-ing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Lcfturers of Petition from London and Westminster, and within the Bills of Morta- Lomion s!.

lity, in Behalf of themselves and others, Lcfturers with- for Leave t in the said District, whole Names are lubscribed to a Petition now ready to be delivered to the House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, early in the Course of the present Session, a Petition was prepared to be presented to the House, for the Relief of the Lefturers within the Bills of Mortality, but the Petitioners having been informed, from various Authorities, that their Application was not of a private Nature, they unfortunately buffered the Time to clapfe which was appointed by the House for the Reception of private Petitions: And therefore praying, That, i« consequence of this Misapprehension, the House will be pleased to pardon the Error into which they have thus inadvertently fallen, and condescend to receive the lame.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular Cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Lefturers.

Then a Petition of the thereunder-signed Lefturers Petition pre. in the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the f'nUc1,

Bills of Mortality, in Behalf of themselves and of their

Brother

Report on

Trent and IVitriey Canals Bill, further confulered *

S76

15° Mali.

A. 1797.

Broth ei Ledurefs, was prerented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Appointment of Afternoon Preachers, under the Denomination of Lecturers, is a very ancient Institution, and iandioned by the Authority of Parliament, and the Petitioners trust that it hath been greatly conducive to the religious Instruction of all dalles of People in this Kingdom, and particularly the Poor; and that the Majority of the said Lecturers, and particularly within the Bills of Mortality, have been hitherto supported by voluntary Contributions front the Inhabitants, collected from Door to Door; but that this Mode of supporting the Ministers of Religion hath appeared to many relpedable Perl'ons to be degrading to their sacred Function, and incon-fiftent with the general Principles of the Established Church; that, from various Circumstances, but chieiiy from the Difficulty of procuring relpedable Collectors, this Mode of Provision hath lately become more precarious thanulual, in cor.fequer.ee of which many Parillics have adopted the Expedient of paying out of the Parochial Rates a regular Stipend to the Ledurer, but this, not being at present warranted by Law, cannot be generally adopted; and many of the Petitioners labour under great Inconveniencies from the unpundual and

jesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie's " Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour

" and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads, in the County of Fifeand for making and repairing other Roads in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Erskine., Mr. Fergt/on,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing certain Dilcounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Thurslay Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole

Bill for allow ing Di!counti on Loan, committed.

uncertain Mode in which their professional Labours are

compensated, and run the Hazard of finding the mi'elves House, upon the said Bill, totally without Support; And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act grant them such Relief as to their Wilclom shall seem fit. for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Henry

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Francis Drake's Estate Hill, com mi t ted.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 5th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the to the Mersey, to extend several Branches of Canal from and out of their laid Navigation, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday lait, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Drake, Baronet, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Ef-tates, to be settled to the same Ul'es, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hobart, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufac- levant, i-c. turc of certain Places within the Levant or ranean Seas, to be imported into Britain, in Bri-

ll//; or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, , upon the said Bill.

Tr.}

ic.:L

vr: v,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Walle Bill forindof-

Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may Hand in the Way of such Agreement, was, accord-

ing Waste Lands by Agreement, committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to ing to Order, read a Second Time.

Sir Jarres Dafhwood's Estate Bill, read.

the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the late Sir James Da/lnvocdin Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharging certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Ul'es of the Will of the said Sir DaJ/nvood, was

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fife Roads Bill, committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Ma-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Wade, Unincloi'ed, and Unprodudive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

' 1

General Tn-clolure Bill, committed.

'-nt.

37 Geo. III.

t5# — i6 *

511

Bill to enable the East India Company to administer certain Oaths, put orf for Tour Months *

The

Reading

Ways and Means, de-fen ed *

Supply, deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Toddington lac lulu re Bill.

Order of the Day being read, for th£ Second Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Com of the Bill to enable the Court of Directors monable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within of the East India Company to administer Oaths to the Parish of Great in the County of Caw-

certain Owners and Commanders of Ships freighted to bridge-, without any Amendment: And also, the (laid Company, against the Practice of buying and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An felling the Commands of such Ships; Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; the Manor and Parish of Bitting, in the County of Not-

It passed in the Negative.; without any Amendment: And also,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Titne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Bunnv Inclosure Bill.

Motion re-

specring the Abolition oi the Stave Trade.

Ncg.

Bill to amend Corse Incio-lurr Ach

upon this Day Four Months.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited; „

And the Question being proposed, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion;

The House was moved, That the Address which,

Little Wil-

Act for dividing,.allotting, inclosing, and laying in Se- j ‘gJ||Indo' veralty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Mea- -dows. Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wyke Reg-i? Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inclosure ®llJi and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands

upon the 6th Day of April last, was agreed to by the and Grounds, within the Parish of fVyke Regis, in the

House, to be presented to His Majesty, »efpefting the Negroes in the West Indies, together with His Majesty's Answer thereunto, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f ->|r'

( Mr. Canning:

TeUers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

} 74-

82.

Eastertdn Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed Langley's Estate Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

County of Dorset-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tithing of Easterton, in the County of

Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley, Esquire, from the Uses thereby limited, and for rattling other Estates in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr Bernardreported from the Committee, to whom Stoke Mande *

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- ant reported? mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common able Lands, within the Parish of Stoke , in

the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 10. 6 s. per Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except a Proprietor of an Estate afiefled at £. 14. 4 s.who is insane, and no Committee appointed; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.190. 2 s.4 d.or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Oreaf Wif-braham Incio-iiire Bill.

Mortis, 16° dieMaii;

Anno 37 Georgii III"' Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by the Lordship of Toddington, and Hamlet of Chalton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the An ingrossed Bill- for dividing, inclosing, draining, Settrington

Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, inti- and improving, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, J sure tuled, " An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of

" and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the " Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucesterwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Vot. 52.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Settrington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 48. 1. 27. To leave out from " dying" to " Ar-

To leave out from " dying" to ". " rear," in Pr. 52.1. 7.

7 H I

And

S78

16° Mail,

J.

1797 *

And the said Ajnendni«nt was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in

the East Riding of the County of :.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lqrds, and desire their Concurrence.

P< ii';ion from A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants, and a °initSE<ien- Owners of Lands, within the Townships of titia and Boi- Higher End and Tottington Lower End, in the Parish of EiHRoadS Bury, the County of was presented to the

' ' House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amende

ing, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from pr from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of;

and Setting forth. That the present Road or Highway, which by the said Bill is proposed to be turned, is the great Highway leading from the Market Town of Bolton to and through the large and populous Villages of Tottington and Holcome, and through a very populous Country to the Market Town of and VII-

lage of Edenfield-, and that the greatest Part of the Line or the said new Road leaves entirely the Line of the

Jjrefent Highway, at a Distance, in many Places, of not efs than Half a Mile, and in other Places more than Three Quarters of a Mile, through a more circuitous Coupfe, and far less populous Country, and at a greater' Distance from Materials than the present Highway, and in some Places through Lands which are liable to be flooded; it also deserts the great and populous Villages ef Tottington and Holcome, and the populous Country through which the present Highway leads; and, in as much as it will not relieve the Inhabitants of the said several Townships of Tottington Higher End and Tottington Lower End, from the Expence of repairing the present Highway, it will be burthensome to such Town-ships, and serviceable only to a very few interested Individuals, to whose Lands it will form a good Occupation Road maintained at Public Expence; and that Part of the said new intended Road, from the Township of Quarltonto Edenfield Chapel, is intended to pass below the large and very populous Village of Holcome and Chapel of Ease there, and to desert the great Road leading from the Market 1'own of Bolton, through Holcome, to the Market Town of Haftingden, and to lead through alow and almost uninhabited Part of the Country, where the Ground is in many Places soft, and distant from Materials, and to form and repair which Materials must be brought along, and will greatly injure, the present Highway to and from the Village of JJolcome-, and that, in lieu of the said Part of the said intended new Highway, which leads from Quarlton to Edenfield Chapel, a new Line for the same may be formed, which will be 900 Yards less in Length, and contain 90. Feet less in Rife and Fall, than the said intended Line, and which will pass over a hard Bottom near to the Materials for making the same, which may be formed, and kept in Repair, at much less Expence than a Road in the said intended Line, and which will pass through the populous Village of Holcome, and near to the Chapel there, and be more commodious to the Inhabitants, as well as the Public, than a Road on the said intended Line; and that the said Bill also contains certain Clauses and Provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will be injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as the same now stands; and that the Petitioners

may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts thereof as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth

mouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water, was read a Second nai.'com-Time. ' niitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker Steward, Sir James Pultency, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Knipton in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knipton, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Stinton's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and paired, his Succefl'ors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebcndal Lands situate in the several Parishes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this I loufc hath agreed 'to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Cridlin? certain Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Township of CridlingStubbs, in the West Riding of the p,uted. County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Pieces of Common or Waite Land, within the Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Trent and prietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mer- g!j[l uf a *

y>>

37 Geo. III. i 66 Mali.579

fey, to extend Several Branches of Canal from and out A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty R unfgate of their said Navigation, was read the Third Time. feeond Year of the Reign of 'His present Majesty, inti- 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title tuled, " An Act for the Maintenance and Improve-bc, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of " tnent of the Harbour of in the County of

the Navigation from the Trent to the Mcrfey, to extend " Kand for cleansing, amending, and preserving;

several Branches of Canal from and out of their laid " the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County," was

Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. William Egerton do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

North Carry, Mr. Dick in fen Senior reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, repc. . ccrjajn [oors> Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Carry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and in the County of Somerset,was committed; and to whom the Petition

of Jeremiah Dewdney of Yeovil, in the County of Sower set. Esquire, Owner and Proprietor of certain Lands and Tenements withift the Parishes of and Stoke Saint Gregory, in the said County of ly-

ing and being near to divers Moors, Commons, or White Lands and Grounds, in the levcrul Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and; and also, the

Petition of John Slade, of the City of Bath, Esquire; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 24 Old Aufters, or ancient Tenements, whorefufed to sign the Bill, and also, the Proprietors of 12 and an Half such Tenements, who were neuter; and that the whole Number of such Tenements interested in the Inclosure amounts to 422); /and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had tlireCled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the < ueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Suite/-..-,!; lies- Mr. Fullarton presented to the House, according to

(emtdll!'prC" Order, a Bill for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill beread a Second Time.

Cnpy of Part Ordered, That a Copy of so much of the Minutes of olrvid' 'e 5 Evidence taken before the Select Committee, who on the Canter- were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the huiy Election, several Petitions, which were presented to the House ordered. upon the 24th Day of March last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Canterbury, as relates to the Petition of John Buuyer and others; together with the Proceedings of the said Committee thereupon, be laid before this House.

RveHarbour A Bill for discontinuing the New Harbours of Rye,

miued°.IU' n Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye,was read a Second Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vox,. 52.

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman' Curtis, &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iji , the Speaker's Chamber;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; Trad Bill' upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolvod itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr; Hobart reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Motion for in a Bill for making the Port of S in the lit and pree'poTfm J of Trinidad, a Free Port; the island of

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House; - inaComnut-Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn Uc-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of that Motion (

A Petition of John Palmer, Surveyor and Comptrol- Mr. Palmer' ' ler General of the Poll Office, was presented to the L«ve°topre-House, and read; Setting forth, That in 1782 the fentaPeti-Petitioner, after long Consideration, arranged a Plan tion-to reform the tedious and insecure Method of conveying the Mails through this Kingdom, and make such Improvements therein as to justify an Increase of Postage, and communicated the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and that various and repeated Objections were made to the Petitioner's Plan by the Pod mailer General and the principal Officers in the Poll Office Establishment, who reported it absolutely impracticable, and prejudicial to the Revenue and Commerce, and declared the old Plan so com-lete that no Alteration was necessary, or, should any e attempted, the Confluences would be fatal to both; and that, after much further Investigation, Labour, and Expence, the Petitioner was enabled to refute the Objections to his Plan, and, being convinced that (notwithstanding the avowed Opposition) it could be made both practicable and beneficial, provided Sufficient Powers were granted him for the Purpose, independent of t he Controul of the Poll Office and his Opponents, he proposed to carry it into Execution on Condition of being allowed Two-and-a-Half per Cent. on all future Increase of the Poll Revenue during his Life, but not a Shilling was to be received if the Undertaking failed; and that the Petitioner on being informed, by the Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that his Terms were thought fair, and would be fully complied with if his Plan Succeeded, reited Satisfied with this Arrangement, for no written Contracts are attainable by Individuals employed by G9-vernment; and that in August 1784, being nearly Two Years after the I'irit Communication, nailed in a cons

tinued

586 \6° Mail . A, 1797.

tinued series of Vexations and persevering Opposition, the Petitioner obtained a Trial of his Plan, which succeeded beyond Promise, notwithstanding numerous Impediments, during such Trial, arose from the Poll Office, which called for, and obtained, the most express Interpolation and Protection of the Treasury Board and that a Renewal of Objections and Impediments at the Post Office (topped the Petitioner from extending his Plan till the Summer of 1785, when he was again permitted to proceed, and with such Success as completely to prove it practicable and beneficial; and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer having expressed a wilh to modify the original Agreement, by adding the Produce of the additional Postage to the former Revenue previous to the Commencement of the Petitioner's per Centage on any Increase, and to allow him a Salary of £. 1,500, in lieu of Centage on such additional Postage, your Petitioner acceded to such Modification (though prejudicial to his Interest nearly £. 1,000 a Year); and, in the Autumn of 1785, the Lords of the Treasury ordered a Draft of his Appointment to be made out by their Officers, who, accordingly, prepared a Warrant from the Crown, for appointing the Petitioner Surveyor and Comptroller General during Life, with a general Controul over the Post Office and its Expenditures, and granting him, as well by Way of Reward for his past Services as to encourage him to continue his Exertions, a clear Salary of £. 1,500, together with Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent, on the Post Revenue beyond the Amount above specified; and that, on laying the Draft of this intended Appointment before Sir Richard Pepper Arden (then Attorney General) he was of Opinion, that, as the Act of Queen Anne, by which the Post Office was regulated, only provided for Appointments under the Postmaster General, and as the Appointment proposed for the Petitioner was to be for Life, independent of the Postmaster General, a new Act would be requisite; and that the Petitioner hoped the requisite Act would have been obtained, in Confirmation of the Agreement, as he had fully performed his Part, but, after much Anxiety and Suspence, he was given to understand, that, to avoid any Application to Parliament, he mull , take his Appointment under the Postmaster General, which, by the Protection of the Lords of the Treasury, would in EffeCl be made equally efficacious and secure; and that the Petitioner, having, from the first, experienced an avowed Opposition to his Plan from all the Officers in the Post Establishment, was much distressed by the proposed Alteration, but, being unable to compel an Application to Parliament for the Act required, and conceiving it impossible that, while the Benefit of his Rian continued, his specified Profits, or his further Improvements, should be interfered with, he confided in the Faith of his Employers for securing to him the Effect of his Appointment as first proposed, notwithstanding the Deviation in Point of Form, and in the Autumn of 1786 the Lords of the Treasury sent to the Post Office their Warrant for an Appointment under the Postmaster General; and that, in consequence of Changes in the Office of Postmaster General, and other Impediments, the last mentioned Warrant did not fully take Effect till July 1789, and the Petitioner was not enabled to obtain a Shilling towards his Arrears and Expences till October 1786, being Four Years after bringing forward his Plan, and above Two Years after its Commencement; and that the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by the House to enquire into the State of Public Offices, and the Merits and Claims of the Officers, have given the most decided and honourable Testimony of the Services rendered by the Petitioner to the Public, in reforming Abuses, and greatly increasing the Post Office Revenue; and the Commissioners exprefily declare " the Opposition and Impedi-M ments encountered by the Petitioner to have been

" unprecedented and unmerited and that he was justly {t entitled to the Compensation claimed, being a very " small Part of what his Integrity, Ability, and Zeal, rt had produced, exclusive of the numerous Advantages " accruing to the Public and Commerce, and that, to " secure the Benefit's derived, and to be further ex- pected, from the Petitioner's Plans, it was absolutely " necessary he should be interested in the Productiveness of the whole Post Office Revenue, which might " otherwise fall back into its former State of Delay, " Irregularity, and Confusion, and that some Person, " possessing an Appointment under the Treasury, and " independent of the Post Office, was absolutely necessary to prevent future Abuses and Misconduct " and that, exclusive of the numerous Improvements effected by the Petitioner, and the great Security and Accommodation afforded to Commerce and Travelling, the Post Revenue (which, for Nine Years preceding the Commencement of his Plan, averaged, after a gradual Increase for more than a Century, at only £. 149,333. per Annum, or thereabouts, and was decreasing at the

Rate of £. 13,198. 13 s.per Annum) was in less than Ten Years brought to £.400,000, being an Increase of more than £.250,000 per Annum , and that the Petitioner is assured the Records of the Treasury, from the earliest Period, do not furnish any Instance of a more advantageous Bargain made by that honourable Board for the Public, or one more zealously followed, or more completely fulfilled, on the Part of an Individual; and that the Petitioner, desirous to prosecute, and bring to Perfection, the Plan above-mentioned, upon which Hill many Improvements remain unexecuted, neglected some well-established lucrative private Concerns, in order to devote the Whole of his Time and Attention to the Public Service, and, having made great Sacrifices, undertook, at the Rilk of Ruin to himself and Family, to effeCl a Reform, from which the Public was, without the Possibility of Loss, to (land the Chance of an important and lasting Benefit, subject to a Condition, that the Petitioner should receive (during his Life only) a Fortieth Part of such Benefit as might accrue, and from the progressive Improvement of which, in case of Success, he looked for an Income sufficiently large to permit his realizing a considerable Fortune for his Family, having constantly and openly avowed to Government, from the very Commencement of his Plan, great Expectations as to Profits from its Success, as no Prospect less advantageous could have tempted him to so laborious and hazardous an Undertaking; and that the Petitioner, having incurred the Rilk, and effected the Public Benefit far beyond Promile, naturally hoped his stipulated Reward would have been secured to him, but in this he has been grievously disappointed, for, after experiencing Interruption and Impediments in the ConduCl of his Plan and further Improvements, he was suspended from the Execution of the Duties of his Office, and prevented receiving his specified Share of the increased Revenue, although, according to his Agreement, as modified by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and acceded to by the Petitioner, and the Tenor of his consequent Appointment as originally prepared, he was considered Comptroller General and entitled to his Salary and per Centage for Life, and although, since his Suspension, many of his Plans for further Improvement have been adopted, and the Revenue greatly increased thereby; and that, in lieu of the Petitioner's specified Salary and per Centage, the Lords of the Treasury have thought proper to allow him an Annuity, which (though it may appear considerable in itself) is far short of the Profits arising from his Agreement, and very inadequate to the Purposes for which he adventured in the Undertaking, and, should he be permitted further to extend and improve his Plans, a still further Benefit might be effeCled to the Public Revenue, and ultimately to himself and Family,

by

Jk

37 Geo. III.

16° Mail

581

by being entitled to a Fortieth Share thereof; and that the Directors of the Bank were induced to comply with the Petitioner, relying on the good Faith of his Em- his Demands, they generally expressed their Reluctance ployers, and the Benefit accruing to the Public, as on in strong Language, and that at last, that is to (ay, on the Benefit which he can still procure to the Revenue the 28th of 1796, they thought it necessary, for by his Exertions, humbly conceives his same to be en- their own Justification, to requelt the Chancellor of titled to Public Attention, and that it is a fit Subject the Exchequer to lay before His Majesty's Cabinet

of Parliamentary Investigation; and that the Petitioner, having been much engaged in discharging the Duties of an important Public Situation in the City of Bath, has been prevented till this Time from presenting his Petition touching the Premises to the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant Leave to the Petitioner to

have a Petition presented, notwithstanding the Day for Question be now put;

their most ierious and solemn Remonstrance, in which they declare, that, " sensible of the alarming and dangerous State of Public Credit, nothing could induce " them to comply with the Demand then made upon " them but the Dread that their Refusal. might be " productive of a greater Evil And the previous Question being put, That that

icarc given.

Petition from Mr. Palmer, ffered.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears, that, during the above Period, a considerable Portion of the Bank Advances was occasioned by Payments of Bills of Exchange drawn from

Mr. Palmer's Warrant of Appointment, ordered.

Motions relative to the Advances made by the Bank to Government.

presenting Private Petitions is passed

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstance let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said John Palmer.

Then a Petition of John Palmer, Surveyor and Comp- Foreign Parts on the Commissioners of His Majesty's troller General of the Poll Office, being offered to be Treasury;

presented to the House; And the previous Question being put, That that

And the said Petition having been stated to be for Question be now put;

Money relating to Public Service; and the same not It passed in the Negative.

being recommended by the Crown; A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

The said Petition was not received. posed. That it appears, that it had seldom been the

Custom of the Bank of England to advance, on the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Account of Bills drawn on the Treasury, more than Copy of the Warrant of Appointment of John Palmer, from £.10,000. £.30,000. and that, even during

Esquire, to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office. the American War, such Bills never exceeded at any

one Time the Sum of . 150,000. the Wisdom of our A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ancestors having foreseen, and provided against the posed. That the Governor and Deputy Governor of Mischief of such Advances, by a Clause in an Act, passed ( the Bank did, at various Times subsequent to the in the Fifth Year of William and Mary, by which the Month of March 179 5, and in the most forcible Terms, Governor and Company the Bank of England were represent to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the restrained from advancing Money to Government on

Danger arising to the Bank from the Diminution of its Specie;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer was heard in his Place.

And having withdrawn;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ;:

for the Noes lThe Loni for the JNoes, Hmy:

66.

Tellers

So it passed in the Negative.

206.

any other Securities than those on which a Credit is granted by Parliament;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears, that, from and after the Year 1793, at which Time an Act of Parliament pa containing a Clause by which the Dircdors of the Bank are indemnified for the Advances they had made on Bills drawn from Abroad, and exempted in future from the Penalties in the said Act of William and Mary, respecting such Advances to Government, the Amount of Treasury Bills paid at the Bank continued pro-

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- grelfively to increase, and that, between the ift of Ja-

posed. That it appears, that, during this Period, the nttary 1795 and the 25th of February 1797, Sums,

Directors of the Bank frequently remonstrated with amounting in the Whole to upwards of£. 15,000,000. the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the Magnitude of were advanced to Government upon this Head; their Advance to Government, anxioully requiring And the previous Question being put, That that

Payment, or a considerable liedudion of the same; Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears, that the Directors of the Bank

and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer did again and again, in the most explicit Terms, promise that such Redudions should be made;

And the previous Question being put. That that did at various Times, during the Years 1795, 1796, Question be now put; and 1797, apply to the Chancellor of the Exchequer

It passed in the Negative. for Rc-payment of such Advances, and reprelent to

A Alotion was made, and the Question being pro- him the extreme Inconvenience to themselves, and to posed. That the Chancellor of the Exchequer, instead the Public, of continuing the System of making Trea-of performing these Engagements, did continually so- fury Bills payable at the Bank, and that they even de-licit further Accommodations, in the most anxious dared they conceived it to be " an unconstitutional

and pressing Terms, declaring that it was impossible to avoid the most serious Embarrallments to the Public Service, unless the Directors of the Bank afforded the Assistance he required;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- chequer did, at various Times during that Period, proposed, That it appears, that, although by these Means,

Voi». 52.

Mode of railing Money, and what they were not " warranted by their Charter to consent to;"

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That it appears, that the Chancellor of the Ex-

mise and engage to reduce the Advances on that Head

within

v

i 6° Mail. . 1797 *

within the Sum of £.500,000, and likewise so to arrange his Payments as to put an End to the Account, but that nevertheless the said Promiles and Engagements were not adhered to by him, and that the Advances on Treasury Bills, during the whole Period from January 1795 to the 28th of February 1797, amounted on an Average to the Sum of £.1,320,000, and upwards, and on the Day last mentioned flood at £.1,619,049;

And the previous QueRion being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that Foreign Remittances, to a much larger Amount than ever were known in a limilar Period of the moll expensive Wars in which this Country has been involved, have taken Place since the Year 1793;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now' put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Extent of such Remittances occasioned, at so early a Period as the End of the Year 1794, and the Beginning of the Year 1795, great Alarm in the Minds of the Directors of the Bank of

England, which they at various Periods communicated to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and that, on the 3d December 1795, under the Apprehension that it was intended to grant a further Loan to the Emperor, they came to a llefolution, by which they declared their unanimous Opinion, that, should such a Loan take place, it would be " moll fatal in its Confe-, " quences to the Bank of England," that they communicated such Resolution to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who allured them " he should lay alide " all Thoughts of it, unless the Situation of Things " relative to the Bank should so alter as to render " such a Loan of no Importance or Inconvenience to " them "

And the previous Question being put. That that

Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, on the 5th February 1796, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, after Rating, in Converlation with the Governor and Deputation from the Bank of

England,his Opinion of the Necessity of further aliiR-ing the Emperor, promised, however, to take no Step in that Business without previously communicating to them his Intention;

And the previous QueRion being, put, That that QueRion be now put;

It pallid in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being proposed, That, on the nth of February 1796, the Directors of the Bank passed unanimously the following Resolution: " Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this " Court, founded upon the Experience of the Effects " of the late Imperial Loan, that, if any further Loan, " or Advance of Money to the Emperor, or to any " other Foreign State, should in the present State of " Affairs take place, it will in all Probability prove " fatal to the Bank of England. The Court ot Dire dors therefore do moll earnctUy deprecate the " Adoption of any such Measure, and they solemnly " protell againR any Responsibility for the calamitous " Consequences that may follow thereupon." To which Resolution, w'hen communicated to him, the Chancellor of the Exchequer returned for Answer, " That, after the repeated Intimations which he had " given to the Governor, &c. of the Bank, that no " further Loan to the Emperor W'ould be resolved on, " without previous Communication with the Bank, he " did not fee any lleafon for thele llelolutions, that §

" he did suppose they were adopted in a Moment of " Alarm, and that he flxould consider them in that " Light

And the previous QueRion being put, That that QueRion be now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion wras made, and the QueRion being proposed, That, both from the general Tenor of the said Answer, and from its particular Reference to the Substance and Matter of the Resolution then communicated to him, the Governor, See. of the Bank were unavoidably led to understand that the Chancellor of the Exchequer continued bound by Promise to them not to negotiate a Loan for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, nor to make any Remittance, either to his said Imperial Majesty, or any Foreign Prince, under any Pretence whatever, without previously communi-eating such his Intention to the Bank of England: That the Directors did so underRand him, and -that, in their Opinion, unless his Answer to their Resolution was meant to apply to the Whole of its Contents, the Conduct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was dilingenuous;

And the previous QueRion being put. That that QueRion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being proposed. That nevertheless the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for some Time prior to February the nth, 1796, clandeRineiy remitted, and did, for several Months subsequent, clandeRineiy remit, for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, large Sums of Money, in Defiance of his repeated Promiles, and particularly in Violation of the Engagements which were implied in the Assurances given by him to the Bank of England upon their Resolution of the x ith of February;

And the previous QueRion being put. That that QueRion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being put, That it appears, that, if the said Advances of the Bank to Government had been paid off when required, or considerably reduced, the Bank would have been enabled to reduce, if expedient, the Amount of its out-Randing Notes, and that such Option would have been of essential Service to its IntereRs;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and tire QueRion being proposed, That it appears, from the Evidence of Persons connected with the Bank, that, if the said Advances had been paid off when required, or considerably reduced, the Bank would have been enabled to give more extended Aid to the Mercantile IntereR of Great Britain, in the Way of Discount;

And the previous QueRion' being put", That that QueRion be now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being proposed. That it appears, that, if the Advances on Treasury Bills had been paid off when required, and as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had promised, and the Foreign Remittances abRained from, as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had likewise promised, the Necessity would probably not have exilled for the Otder of Council;

And the previous QueRion being put. That that QueRion be now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the QueRion being put. That it appears to this House, upon the moR attentive Consideration of the CircumRances above Rated, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has been guilty of a criminal Inattention to the Public IntereR, and of a high Breach of Duty, by which the Credit of the Nation has been materially impaired i

37 Geo. III.

16'

7

Mali.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. St.John, A

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Michael Angelo v 60.

( lory

jzo6.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Rector's Allotment to be fenced at the Expence of the Proprietors.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mercuriiy iy° Mail;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

The Lords A Mcftage from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and have agreed to Air. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill for re- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Scc iu Kent for re'vc ‘nS certa>n Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Walcot, Tim- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An berlandj&c. Act to embank and drain the Open and Unembanked Drainage Bill. Lanc]s and Grounds lying between the Dales Head Dyke and the River Wit haw, in the several Townships or Hamlets, and Parishes, of Walcot,

Timberland Martin , Lin:coed, and B/ankney, all in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

Whittle / The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An D.-oiiuge Bill. Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, in the Bounds and Precincts of in the Iste

of Ely and County of Cambridge, with further Taxes, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, under certain Acts passed in the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving, the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Minton Mir- Mr. Ashlcy reported from the Committee, to whom tf.,'&BCiinc1°- the Bin for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ported! 're" and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton J\Iarlel, GuJJage All Saints, and Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 62 Acres and 3 Roods, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietor of 6 Acres 2 Roods and 25 Perches, who could not be met with; and also, the Proprietors of 62 Acres and 3 Roods, who were neuter; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Bill consists of 1,273 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they VoL. 52.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in wbreefter His Majesty's County Gaol of W; and also, Fk-ct Pntbn A Petition of the Debtors (in Number 263) con- Debtors-Peti-fined in Flis Majesty's Prison of the «°ns-

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ah ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Lindridge In-ing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the cla°(["je Bill' Manor and Parish of Lindridge, in the County of cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and.

Parish of Lindridge, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Air. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Shays Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Bill to amend whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- ddeaive jesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Pte- Was1'js *

" verrtion of the Use of defective Weights, and of rep° /

" false and unequal Balances," was committed; That ' the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Alorning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossixh

Mr. Dickinson Junior reported from the Committee, Taylor's Ef-

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, tire Bill, re-An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles pa d.'4" William Taylor, Klquire, in Trustees, to be sold for paying Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

584

i7

Mali.

A.

1797'

Harfton, Arc. Inclosure Bill, put ott for Six Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Junior do carry the Bill And the said Order being read accordingly;

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House The said Bill was read the Third Time,

hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George Reading of the Bill for dividing and allotting the the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of

Sichcvercirs, &c. Partition Bill, reported, and passed.

Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harflon, in the County of Cam be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Mr. Orchard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford ',whereof an undivided Moiety was de-

'vised by the Will of Anna Maria Widow,

Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fullarton reported from the Committee, to whom Ricmrtonr the Petition of William Fullarton of , Member

and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane of Parliament for the County of Ayr, and on Behalf of ported. ' Gough, Widow, deceased, and for settling and alluring several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Manufacturers, Land Owners, and others, was referred; which upon such Partition have been allotted to be That the Committee had examined, and found that; held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, eacji of the said the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Naviga-undivided Moieties, to such Uses as by the said Wills tion Bills, had been complied with; and that the Comare limited, of and concerning the said undivided mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

Moieties respectively, was committed; That the Com- and had directed him to report the fame, as it appear-mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in found the same to be true; and that the Parties his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the viz.

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. the House, without any Amendment: And he de- John being examined, said. That by Surveys

livered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. lately taken, it appears practicable to make a Canal

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. from or near a certain Place called Riccarton Bridge;,

Ordered, That Mr. Orchard do carry the Bill to in the Parish of in the County of by

tire Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath the Way of Capprington, Fair lie, Auchius, and Hill House, agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. to a certain Place called The Troone, in the Parish of

Dundonald, in the said County, and also to make a Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Harbour for the Safety of Ships and other Vessels at the the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act said Place called The Troone; that the making of such

Sir William Lowther' *

reportedl'and for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates Canal and Harbour will afford the Means of exporting paired. of Sir William Loza her, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust, large Quantities of Coals and Minerals, with which

that Country abounds, for the Supply of Dublin and other Places, and will also afford the Means of carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of various Kinds, to and from the said Places, whereby the Trade and Commerce of many considerable downs will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country much increased; and that the same will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a certain Place called Bridge, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troone, and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said

of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther % conveying other Estates to the Uses of the settled Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the County: And that Mr and Mr. M.Do wall

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed do prepare, and bring in, the fame, to the fame, without any Amendment.

J ilt to amend Debtors and Creditors Act, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, " who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery " of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

Mr. Charles Torkereported from the Committee, to Fly'n

whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, rCpon<di an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his hire Majesty King George tho Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds in the lflc of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk " and Norfolk, between MildenhallRiver, South, Plant " Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the " West by the River Ouje, and on the East by Winter " Load, EarjwellBrooke, and the Hard Lands of

" denhall, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, .

" and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly Called " Bedford Le ael, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called

i " Lauds,"

37 Geo. III.

17° Mail.

5 %

North Curry,

Arc. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Southampton, &c. Fishefies Bill, committed.

Langley's Estate Bid, read.

Petition from Godalming again# the Poor BilL

- Lauds," so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First DistriA de-icribed in the said A A; and also to amend, and render more efteAual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more efteAual, the said first-recited Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 13 Acres of Land, who refuled to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of 434 Acres, who could not be found; and also the Proprietor of about 301 Acres, who is out of England; and also the Proprietors of about 1,616 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property of Persons interested in the Drainage of the said Lands amounts to 14,182 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made i'e-veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrolled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stake Saint Gregory, and IVefl ,in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and incioting, certain Moors, Commons, 01 Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of Stoke

Saint Gregory, and West Hatch, in the County of merfet.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen in the First

Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Prelcrvation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sloane, ore.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley, Esquire, from the Uses thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Land, in the Parish of Godain the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will, as to create

much additional Expence, enhance the Rates, prejudice the Parishioners, and render no Advantage whatever to the Poor: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, or that, if the same should pass into a Law, the said Parish of Godalming may not be included in, or affected by, any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions, made or to be made in Von. 5a.

and by the said Bill, but may, by express Words, be exempted therefrom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the ieverai Persons, Owners and Petition ini Occupiers of Farms and Lands in the County of B so pre Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was venting the presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill] for preventing the forestalling, regrating, ftn- tattle. V grafting, and jobbing of live Cattle: And praying, That the said Bill (which they conceive will tend greatly to prevent those Evils) may pass into a Law;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harrow-School for efteAuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Hurraon the Hill, in -the County of MiddleJ'ex, and John Hunter, of in the County of Hertford, Esquird, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of N and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and MiddleJ'ex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the l'ariih of Harrovj on the Hill aforesaid, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks Cambrieks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation), was,.according to Order, . read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to d Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to amend

Anomies Duties Aitt *

Bill For indemnifying Governors, frc.in the West India Islands.

Foreign Ships Bill.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Walker aild Mr;

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " AA for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp " Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and " Attornies in any of the Courts-in England therein " mentioned;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons aAing as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for gtanting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, lurrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or FaAors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a " certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sumsof Money in that Part of the United Kingdom;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Evans, Se- Ramsgate cretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended HarbourAc-

ir ' „„ count, pr«-

7 K at lcnted/

Bill to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, with Amendments.

Declaration and Conditions of the Imperial Loan, predated.

586

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament.

A Book, intituled, " A General Revenue Account " of Receipts, and an Account of Payments, by the " Trustees for the Maintenance and Improvement of " the Harbour of Ramfgatej from the 24th of " 1795 to the 24th of June 1796."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this House.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by

His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. A Pkper, intituled, " Declaration on the " Part of their Imperial and Rritannick Majesties, signed at Westminster, the 16th. of May 1797," and Translation: And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Conditions of the Loan " of £. 1,620,000 Sterling, on Account of his Majesty the Emperor and King," and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz

TRANSLATION of the Declaration on the Part of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, signed at , the 16 th of

May 1797.

The Under-signed, in virtue of the Powers with which they have been rumished by their respective Sovereigns, and by their Order, declare as follows:

I.

His Britannick Majesty having made Advances to his Imperial Majesty, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £. 1,620,000, will cause it to be proposed to

His Parliament, to guarantee a Loan which shall be raised in England for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms, and under the Conditions expressed in the Table annexed to this Declaration, and which shall be considered as making a Part of it.

II.

The said Loan shall be for £. 1,620,000 Sterling, and the Produce of it shall be applied exclusively to the Reimbursement of the above-mentioned Advances, and for this Purpose, the Contractors for the Loan shall make the respective Payments due, or to become due, into the Treasury of His Britannick Majesty.

HI.

His Imperial Majesty enters with His Britannick Majesty into a formal Engagement, to pay the Dividends regularly, and Half Yearly, for the Interests, and for the gradual Reimbursement of the said Loan, according to the Conditions of the Table.

IV.

The Fourth and Fifth Articles of the Convention of 1795, relative to the Loan of the said Year 1795, are renewed with respect to the present Loan, and shall have their full and entire Effect in every Thing that regards this Declaration, as if they were expressly inferred therein Word for Word.

V.

His Imperial Majesty will enter, with the Contractors for the present Loan, into the same Engagements, in the same Form, and with the same Advantages and Securities for them, which he entered into in respect to

A. 1797.

the Loan of 1795, by the Oftroi which he published, dated on the 4th of May 1795.

VI.

This Declaration shall be ratified by the respective Sovereigns within Six Weeks, or sooner, if that be possible.

Done at Westminster,this 16 th Day of May 1797.

Signed (L. S.) C. Louis (L. S.) Grenville.

TRANSLATION of the Conditions of the Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, on Account of his Majesty the Emperor and King.

1. The Loan of One Million Six hundred and

Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, which shall be raised in London, on Account of his Majesty the Em-

peror and King, shall consist in Bonds, bearing an Interest of Three per Centum per Annum, which shall be signed by MefTrs. Boyd, Benfield, and C°, Bankers to his Imperial Majesty, or by one of the Individuals belonging to the said Firm.

2. A Capital of Three Millions Four hundred and Ninety-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Nine Shillings, shall be raised by those Bonds; which Sum, at the Rate of Forty -fix and Three-Eighths in Money, for One hundred Pounds Sterling of Capital, makes the above-mentioned Sum of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling.

3. The Lenders shall not be entitled to demand the Redemption of the Stock; but his Imperial Majesty reserves to himself the Power of redeeming it at Par; that is to say, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds Sterling in Money, for One hundred Pounds Sterling of Capital.

4. Although the Redemption of the Capital of

the said Bonds, bearing interest of Three per Cent. shall not be demandable at any Time; his Imperial Majesty engages to remit to the said House of MefTrs. Boyd, Benjeld, and C°, the Annual Sum of Thirty-four

thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings Sterling, by equal Portions, every Three Months j namely, on the First Day of AuguJI, the First Day of November, the First Day of February, and the First Day of May, of every Year, to be applied to the buying up, at the Market Price, of the Capital of the said Bonds, under the Direction of the Commissioners for the buying up of the National Debt of Great Britain, until the Whole of the Capital of the said Bonds shall be entirely extinguished.

5. As a Collateral Security for the said Loan, there shall be deposited in the Hands of the said MefTrs. Boyd, Benfield, and C\ to be by them deposited in the Bank of England, Actions in Mortgage of the Bank of Vienna, for a Sum of Three Millions Four hundred and Ninety-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Nine Shillings Sterling, the Amount of the Nominal Capital of the said Loan; and according to the gradual Redemption of the Bonds, there shall be withdrawn from the Deposit at the Bank of England, a Quantity of Actions of the Bank of Vienna, proportionate to the Capital of the Bonds which shall have been redeemed.

It is moreover perfectly understood and agreed upon, that not only the aforesaid Annual Sum of Thirty-four thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Two Shillings Sterling, but also the interest arising from the Whole of the Bonds redeemed, shall be employed invariably in the Redemption of the Bonds contrafted

170 Mali.

.jsa

TA

Committee of Supply.

Reports from the Select Committee on Finance, referred.

37 Geo. III.

i7° Maii.

587

by this Loan, until the Capital of the said Bonds shall be entirely extinguished.

The Interest on the Bonds, at the Rate of Three per Centum per Annum,shall take place from the First Day of May 1797, and shall be paid every Six Months, on the First Day of November, and the First Day of May of every Year, at the House of the said Messrs. Boyd, Benfe/d, and C°, or at such Office as they

may appoint for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committee appointed to examine and (late the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797 3 distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5 th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstand-ingon the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were instructed to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vol. 52.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Way and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the fant' Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were this Declaration Day presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Condi-be referred to the said Committee. im rtdLoan,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- referred, mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they hid directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to imperial Loan Order, a Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the ®, t'e|re‘ Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred en and Twenty' thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Levant, &-c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Trade Bill, permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain rvrorte Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Veil'ds, -from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee on Motion for Bill to make a Free Port in the I Hand of Trinidad.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he < was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

4

Committee on

Te- committed Bill to regulate the T rial of Caules, See.

Mr. Man-ning's Petition, reported.

Knipton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Petition of Mt. Davis, &c. against Croydon In eloiure Bill.

588 tj° — 18 .1797 *

The dtnef Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Cause and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate \vithin this Kingdom-.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee,

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present $

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock $

The House was adjourned by Mr.. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jirvis, 18° die Mali;

Anno 37 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Manning, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he scad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by a Promissory Note for .2,500, produced to your Committee, That the said Edward Manning is Holder of the said Note, indorsed to him, for a valuable Consideration.

It also appeared, That the said Note was drawn upon a Paper stamped with an Agreement or Six Shilling Stamp: And,

Mr. John James being examined, said, That the Drawers of the said Note refuse Payment of the fame, and the Person in whose Favour it was drawn, and who indorsed it, is in insolvent Circumstances.

And the Witness further said, That the said zvard Manning, as Indorsee of such Note, brought an Action thereon in His Majesty'-s Court of King's Bench against one of the Drawers, when it was determined, that the said Note, being drawn upon an improper Stamp, ought not to be received in Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A11 ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of KniptoA, in the County of cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knipton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Richard Davis, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the county of ; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains many

Powers and Provisoes which the Petitioners conceive will be very prejudicial to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Couhfel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or tlmt the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of James Trecothicl of Addington Place, in

the County of Surrey, Esquire, was also presented to the House, dnd read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill \ and Setting forth, That the Petitioner's several Manors of Addington Temple, Bardolph, and Bures, extend into the said Parish of Croydon, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present Form; the Petitioner's Rights and Interests will be materially injured and affected: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Rights and Interest, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now A rads, or that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is - committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Public Passages as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spinster, situate in the Parish of Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Public Passages as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spinster, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quartet Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annnal General Sessions, anil also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Effect and Consequence of the said Bill, to the Petitioners and the' Inhabitants of the said Town of Lancaster and its Vicinity, if enacted into a Law, would be much to their Prejudice and Impoverishment; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the Legislature should make General Sessions, originally holden for the Purposes mentioned in the said Bill, legal if held elsewhere than at Lancaster, the same would be not only in Derogation of, but would go to invalidate and avoid, the Charter of the said Town, in regard to holding the Assizes, and other Pleas and Sessions, and be used as a Ground for a future Application to the House wholly to deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit of their said Charter, by removing the Affixes for ever

Petition of Mr. Treco-thick, See. against Croy don Indohut Bill.

Pancras IVY ing Bill, passed.

Petition from the Corporation of Lan caster against Lancaster Sessions Bill.

Ifctition from the Corporation of Lan-C »ter again If Lancaster Set-toon Bui.

Committee on Cooke's Divorce Bill.

Riii to make a Free Port in the Island of Trinidad, prd'ented.

Bill to amerrd Vagrant Laws, failed.

37 Geo. III.

18° Mail.

from Lancojler to some other Place: And therefore

praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Another Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Gobi monalty of Lancojler, in the County Palatine of

Lancojler,was also prei'ented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That so much, and such Parts, of the said Bill as authorize the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold the several Annual General Sessions, and the Special Sessions therein mentioned, at Prefion, may not pass into a Law; and that they may, so far as the same relates to the same Sessions, be heard, by their Coun-lel, at the Bar of the House, against the same; and that the Charter of King Edward the Third may (if mentioned in the said Bill) be stated therein, not as supposed, or of doubtful Authenticity, but as an actual existing one, valid and effectual in the Law, for granting the Privileges and Advantages therein mentioned to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, so far as in the Law they were competent to do, assented to making legal the several adjourned Sessions in the Preamble or Recitals thereof mentioned, but not further or otherwise.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Co, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to amend the Laws respecting Vagrancy, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend the Laws respecting Vagrancy.

Vol. 52. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker Major do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on of before the Days therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Mofn-' Ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Art ingrossed Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great,

in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bte, An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Order. of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House \vill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Hobart, according so Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re1 ferred to cortfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to re1 port to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That every Contributor towards the Loart of Fourteen Alilllons Five hundred thousand Pounds authorized to be faised by art Act of this present Session of Parliament, who have deposited the Sum of f. 10. per Centum towards raising any further Loan or Loans not exceeding Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds with the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on any such further Loan or Loans, in pursuance of the said Act, shall, and is hereby empowered and directed to make their future Payments towards raising the Sum of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Three Millions Five

7 L hundred

Bill for allowing Discounta on Loan, deferred.

Levant, &e; Trade Bill, passed.

Cambrick Bill, deterred *

Imperial Loan Bill, committed.

Report Ways and Means.

Railing a Sum by Annuit its.

590 18° Mail. A. 1797.

hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say;

£ 10. per Centum on or before the 26 th Day of this

Instant May;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 21st Day of June next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of July next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 15th Day of Au-gt'ft next;

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 15 th, Day of September next;

£. 15. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of October next:

£. 10. per Centum on or before the 17th Day of November next: And,

£.to. per Centum on or before the 29th Day of

December next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt, of the Exchequer, which Monies so paid in shall be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money' towards the said Sum of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, at any Time on or before the 17th Day of November next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 29th Day of December 1797: That every Contributor, who shall advance and pay unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any such proportional Part or Parts of the Sums by him or her to be contributed, as shall be limited to be paid on or before any particular Day by Instalment, before the Day on which such Instalment shall be made payable (such proportional Parts not amounting to the Whole of his or her Contribution) shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of each Sum so paid in Advance for completing any such Instalment shall amount unto, after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per , from the Day of completing the same to the Day on which the same is hereby made payable.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of £. 1,620,000 to the Emperor of Germany is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Report Sup- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the P y N Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read - in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Tmfury Bills. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six Hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay Bills drawn on, and accepted by, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury. Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and'.Miit 111''1 at a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Thirty- ‘ ' three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, 2

towards paying off and tlifeharging the Exchequer Bills which have been made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and of another Act, passed in the same Session, for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for into resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Agreement, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and deferred, other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement, be now read.

And the said-Order being read accordingly,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House General into resolve itself into a Committee of tlurwhole House, upon the Bill for enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Great Britain called England,to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House |t?!nP®u $ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' 1 er upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill {or pnt-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossedj for preventing the fcrtionofSM-Desertion of Seamen from BritishiMerchant Ships trad- mm, rend the ing to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the He ft TJurtl rune' Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the House being informed that several Amendments were intended to be proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVcdneflay Bill Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 0Jf cauW&t-whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate deterred, the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arile within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of Account of the Quantities of BrPlantation Sugar mport-and Rum imported into, and exported from. Great ed and ex-Britain, between the 5th of January 1796 and the 5th ported, oida of January 1797; with the Amount of the Duties re- e ‘

ceived.

37 Geo. III.

18'

9

Mail

591

ccived, also the Drawbacks and Bounties paid there-

on.

Flintshire Kicction Petition ajdticiTCcL

Motion for an Atklreis to withdraw the Troops from St. Domingo. Neg.

The House tvas moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of April lait, for taking into Confederation, upon 7 hurflay,the ift Day of next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John of Fyddyn, in the County of , Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thurslay, the 8th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Britishdroops be forthwith withdrawn from the Wand of Saint Domingo;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

( Mr. St. John,

( Mr. William Smith:

Tellers for the Noes, j f 7)°! !? '

' [ mr. Pol

So it paTcd in the Negative.

A Petition of the several f'ersons, whose Names are Cambridge thereunto subscribed, imprisoned for Debt in the cebtorsPctW County Gaol of Cambridge: And also, _ tiom.

A Petition of the Citizens of London confined in His Majesty‘s Prison of Ludgate, for Debt;

Were severally presented to the House, and read -,t Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie'upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St kc MnnSeville Inclosurt Bill, pelted.

Petition from Kilhmongers Coir piny atrunit Lon-

Tellers for the Yeas,

31 *

1116.

Committee on Treaty of Commerce with America, deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myllery of Fishmongers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for making YVet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se- c‘ 1 curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London-, and Setting forth, That, if the Plan proposed by the said Bill be carried into Execution, the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London will, in a very great Degree, be removed to a new Situation out of the Limits and Jurisdiction of the City, and the Appointment of Master-Tackle-House Porters

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- would be nearly rendered nugatory, and of little or no night, the 30th Day of this Instant May,resolve itself Value; and that, were the present Legal Quays and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Wharfs enlarged, and certain practical Improvements the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Ma- made at and near them, with proper Regulations adopt-jesty and the United States of America. '~~ l ' '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 190 die Mail j

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Cooke's Divorce Bill, passed.

A

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry

ed for facilitating the landing, loading, carrying, housing, and shipping, of Goods and Merchandize, every necessary Accommodation and Dispatch may be had and given, notwithstanding the increased Trade of the Port of London; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will materially injure the Patronage of the Petitioners in the Appointment of Master-Tackle-House Porters, that it will operate greatly to the Detriment of the several Persons now appointed by the Petitioners and the other Companies, and asse<5l the Rights and Privileges of the Freemen of the City of London in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Patronage or Appointment, or the Profits and Advantage arising therefrom, and that the fame

Cooke, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the

Hinton Martel, Sic. inclosure Bill, palfcd.

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton Martel, Guffage All Saints, and Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton Martel and Gujfage All Saints, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashleydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Vol. 52.

Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And aMotionbcingmade, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnessls, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Marquis of Wmcester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr»

Horton Inclo-i'ure Bill, pre-iented.

190 Man.

Cambridge and Arring ton Bridge Road Bin, presented.

Ricearton and Troone Canal Bill, present-<d.

593

Mr. Charles Yorle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road, at or near

ion Bridge, all ill the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fullarton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a certain Place called Ricearton Bridge, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troone, and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read, a Second Time.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

frn!onSofSea- adjourned Proceeding, upon the Third Reading of mea, passed, the ingrossed Bill for preventing the Defcrtion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Islands in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

After " every" to insert " Owner " or Owners, or."

To leave out " their" and insert " the" instead thereof.

To leave out " out."

To leave out " their" and insert " the," instead thereof, and to leave out " out."

To leave out " Penalty," and insert " Penalties" instead thereof. After " or" to insert " such of H them as do not exceed the

A. 1797.

Mr. Hobart repotted from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for making the Port of San Jojef, in the Bland Bill to make j of Trinidad, a Free Port, was read a Second Time. tlleiiUndof Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Trinidad,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- commit«li-mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pr. 5. 1. 36.

Pr. 6. 1.

Pr. 8.

1.

1.

30-

31-

6.

Pr. 9. 1. 34.

1.

37-

Pr.

10. 1. 2. To

J. 20.

Committee on

Cambricks

Bill.

Bill for preventing the Forestalling, &c. of Live Cattle, committed.

Report refer red.

Sum of Twenty Pounds." leave out " and, " and after " who" to insert " shall not reside more than Ten Miles from " the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons complained of, " and which Justice or Justices." To leave out from " Months," to " until," in 1. 24. and insert " or" instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 11. After " aforesaid," to insert " except in Cafes of such Necessity, very hazardous Service, or " extraordinary Duty as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.

Ordered, That Colonel Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrofling of Live Cattle, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 29th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Cutting Retail Butchers of London, Wstminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Places adjacent thereto, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sirJaoet for veiling Part of the Estates of the late Sir James Eftlte bV Dafhwood in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to committed, apply the Money arising thereby in discharging certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the lie-fidue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said Sir James Daft,wood, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

it-

lit *

tc£

k

t-

s *

4\u

k.

JV *

An

&B

Committee on Imperial Loan Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Iloule to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instructions. mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain, out of the Loans of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, the Sums granted for rc-paving to the said Governor and Company the Advances made by them for the Public Service.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for re-paying to the Contributors to the Loans of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans.

Ordered, That the several Papers wrhich were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dmdas, upon Wednesday last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

I-

Declaration and Conditions of the

Imperialism,

referred.

37 Geo. III.

19 —

22° Mail

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, Tint they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloufc will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lords Amend meats to Kill to continue Act to allow the Kanks in Scotland to ilide certain KctCo, agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Bank- ing Companies, in that Part of Britain called

" S 'cot!and,to ili'ue Notes for Sums under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums ot " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom."

And the said Amendments were read; and areasfolloweth; via.

After " to" insert

Pr.

1.

1.

7-

iS.

1.

1.

!2.

" revive and." After "shall" insert " be, and the " same is hereby revived; and " it is hereby furtlicr Enabled, " That the said Act so revived " shall."

After " Manner" insert " as."

In the Title of the Bill:

After " to" insert " revive and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Refolded, Nemine Contradieente, That a congratulatory Congrntulato-

Mellage be lent to the Princess Royal, and his Moll Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Royal ar.<l the

on this happy Occafiom Pnnccot wir-

Ordered, That the Earl Gower S, Mr. Drum- tem rgl‘ moiid, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Morton Pitt, Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mil dm ax, Mr. James Adams, Mr. Strutt, and Sir James Sanderson, do attend the Princess Royal, and the Hereditary Prince of Wirtembergh,with the said Mell'age.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, praying Him to dilmifs from His Prelence and Councils ftCrs.

TIis present Ministers, as the most likely Means of ob- Nc§ taininga speedy and permanent Peace;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth. f ' Mr. Alderman Cowke, ' j

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Michael Angelo I59-

X Taylor:

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Wilbrahum Bootle: J242.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply,de-ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole tencd-House, to conl'.der further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

rebate on The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the

Amrmiment adjourned Debate on the Amendment which was proto Bill respect- J

inythcExpor- poled to be made on the Hurd Reading of the m-Vc °furilier to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the adjourned. present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, ot several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till WednesdayMorning next.

PetitioninFa- A Petition of the there-undersigned Growers of vom ol D" Corn in the Hundred ot in the Hie of Ely,

and Parts adjacent, was pretented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof: And praying, That the House will make such Provisions in the same as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the fable.

Sabbati, 20° die Mail;

Anno 37° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 179 7 - Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House nd-Spcaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°urnc"4 not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first- put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunate 2 2° Maii j

Address of Congratulation on the Nuptials of the Princel's Koyai.

Con sanitation to the Queen.

Rcfohed, Nemine Contradieente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, to congratulate His Majesty on the happy Nuptials of the Princess Royal and his Most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Wirtembergh.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contradieente, That this House do congratulate Her Majesty on these happy Nuptials.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Stafford, Mr. Bruce, Sir William I.ow liter, Lord Viscount Malden, Mr. Dickins, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Ryder, and General Manners, do attend Her Majesty with this Congratulation.

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 79 7 - Prayers.

MR. Wi/berforcepresented to the House, according Bivcrley, &-c.

to Order, a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sandho/me, Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckon-

jidd, An am , Scorbrough, Lockington, Ayhe,

holme, Kilmvick, IP at ton, Hutton-Cranswick Bea-

tles hohne, Skerne, Brigham, Fi/hho/me, thorpe, Harpham, Fofioti, Fraijlhorp, Granf-moor, Lijjet, Barmston, Ulramotherwise Oxvram Skipfea,

7 M

Southill Inclosure Bill, reported.

Petition fresh ' certain Inhabitants of Lancaster against J an-culler Sessions Bill.

T rinity House Kltate Bill, reported, and passed.

594

22° Mail A. 1797.

Bee ford. North FrodinghaM, B

Leven, Emmotland,. Hempholme, Goodlull and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received} and read the First

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agVeed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable 'Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of South'dI,in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Corn- njittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Clergymen, Gentlemen, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of w'as presented to

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting -in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the lame, if passed into a Law, will operate as an immediate Prejudice and Loss to the Petitioners, their ancient Rights and Privileges would be infringed, the various Acts of Parliament passed to lecure the same (as well as those of other ancient Towns in the Kingdom) rendered void, and great Injury would be experienced in the Value of Property, and other local Circumstances: And therefore praying, That so much, and such Parts, of the said Bill, as authorizes the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold the said several Annual General Sessions and the Special Sessions therein mentioned at may

not pass into a Law'.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Allhallozvs 6'texiting, in the City of London, in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to w'hom Wark indo- . the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain 1"0 lll,re' Common Moor or Tract ot Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Barony or Manor of Work, and in the Parish of Car ham, in the County of Northumberland, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- . ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom Beach's Eibte the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, reported, for veiling the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands aa Blc and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be' settled to the same Uses, w»as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and render more Waterbeach effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- passed, tituled, " An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Water beach Level,in the County of " Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made " between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach f " Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor;" and also, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation " of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge,

and to establish an Agreement made between the " Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and " the Commoners within the said Manor;" and alto, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level.

Ordered, That General Adeane do earn' the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

& ' Ordered,

1

5 95

22° Mali.

37 Geo. III.

Further Con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report°on° further Consideration the Report which was made from Mr. Man- the Committee to whom the Petition of Edward

dctvr'ed ntnS' Efcluire» was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Reimport- General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britained and ex- attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Icuted'prC" Ear, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Plantation Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, between the 5th January 1796 and the 5th January 1797; with the Amount of the Duties received, also the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Palmer's The House being informed that Mr. Church, from ptiMtedT'1 ' the General Poll Office,attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Appointment of John Palmer, Esquire, late Comptroller General of the Poll Office.

And then he withdrew1.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimates prs-His Majesty's Command, lented.

Estimate of the Additional Charge of an Augmen- Augmentati-tation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-com- &c *

missioned Officers,-Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Forces. Men, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from the 25th May 1797 to the 24th December following, being 214 Days, deducing therefrom the Charge of the extra Allowances now made on Bread find Meat to the Troops at Home: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to be made Allowance to to such of the Subaltern Officers of His Majesty's Marching Regiments of Foot, and Corps of Militia, ‘ c'ri" Fencible Infantry, and Invalids, as shall be present with, or employed on the Duty of, the Corps to which they respectively belong, between the 24th 1797 apd the 25th December following:

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Note, The last of the said Estimates was, on Account of its not being properly prepared, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 14th Day of June, and another presented: The First of the said Estimates is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Men, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from the 25th May 1797 to the 24th December following, being 214 Days; deducting therefrom the Charge of the Extra Allowances now made on Bread and Meat to the Troops at Home.

For the Charge of an Addition of Four Pence Three Farthings a Day to the Pay and'' Allowances of each Serjeant, of Four Pence Farthing a Day to the Pay and Allowances of each Corporal, and of Three Pence Three Farthings a Day to the Pay and Allowances of each Trumpeter, Drummer, and Private Man, serving in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, &c. J. deducting therefrom the Charge of the Extra Allowances now made on Bread and Meat; 1 224,000. and for the Charge of an Addition of Three Pence a Day to the Pay of each Serjeant, of Two Pence Halfpenny a Day to the Pay of each Corporal, and of Two Pence a Day to the Pay and Allowances of each Trumpeter, Drummer, and Private Man, serving out of Great Britain, Jei'fey, Guernsey, &c. from the 25th May 1797 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days - - -- -- --.....„

War Office, May 22d 17974

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Langley's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Estate Bill, Act for discharging certain Estates comprized in the commute . Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley, Esquire, from the Uses thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -berforce, Mr. Henry Laf, &c.: And they are to Vol. 52.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of imperial Loan the whole House, to whom the Bill for guaranteeing Blll> repwted. the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

made

Cam bricks Bill, reported.

Liverpool Pilots Bill, reported.

East India Company's Volunteer Corps Bill, deterred.

Bill to amend Act for Pre-

vc-mi1 >n of

d fe:tive

Weights,

passed.

2° Mali. . 1797.

made to the Bill, and which they had ditefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention " of the Use of defective Weights, and of falle and " unequal Balances."

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Stamp Duties Bill, ddcHcti.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill foremlxv enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Mi- »frH m litia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of lctTwiiiti " Middlesex: And that Mr. Httjkijjbn and Mr. Hobart do °«kred. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for allow-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing Discounti upon the Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the °erred!n' Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned;

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Colonel Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to pay' the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warchoules of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall " voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their " Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War;"

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, " and of falle and unequal Balances," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Re five J, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Billtoenal.le enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion Catholicsto to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Sup- cer wiad plementary Militia: And that Mr. IVilberforceand Mr.

Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Httfhijfonpresented to the House, according to Bill to embody

Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to draw out and the Tower embody the Militia Forces of tire Tower Hamlets, in 'preiciued. the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committeeou a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Lanftby Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Agreement. Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilitics that may stand in the Way of such Agreement.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had K made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Report w'as read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bid;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

37 Geo. III. 220 — 230 Mali. 597

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to a An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- HarroM in-Committee of the whole House. closing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, 1Jl"'

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, was

consider further of the said Bill. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title General in- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

i°ierredB I1' re ° ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable

Rnc ' upon the Bill for enabling any Person or Persons en- Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish titled to any Waste, Uninclosed, and Unprodudive of Harrold, in the County of Bedford.

Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Great Britain Lords, and desire their Concurrence, called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the fame

in Severalty; An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pigot's Eftat®

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, for the better enabling the Trustees to sell and dispose c0miiut'

resolve itself into the said Committee. of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot,

Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships,

The other Orders of the Day being read; Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories of Pep low.

Bill to make a Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County

Free Port in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Trinidad, de- upon the Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William hired. 'Island of Trinidad,a Free Port. Egerton, Mr. Hobarj, &c.: And they are to meet this

Supply, de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

teed. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Chamber.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

fcrred. C Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Act for regu- Ordered, That Sir William Dolben have Leave to make k'mS|'heof a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

SUves to be And he moved the House accordingly; and

comidered. An Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa" was read.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797.

Pr AYERS.

King's Bench A Petition of the Debtors in the King's Bench Debtors Pen- j f\.Prison, was presented to the House, and read;

ou‘ Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the ' Table.

Committee < n The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Divorce Sifl a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lferds, intituled, An Act to diffolvc the Marriage of James M' with Elizabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had heard Count'd, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

VOL. 52.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Com- Bolton and mittee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bolton- reported. in the-Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, for discharging certain Persons from repairing Pack and Prime Ways.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

Mr. Bouverieof Northampton reported from the Com- stoke Goid-

mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Newport Pag. appointed to put in Execution certain Acts of Par- nei Roads liament, made in the Eighth_Year of the Reign of Queen Bill> ordered, Anne, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and for repairing the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnol, in the County of Bucks, to the said Horseshoe House, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Heyward, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the Leave granted by the House on the 10th Day of April last, Notice was affixed on the Sessions House Door at Aylesbury,

7 N jit

598 230 Maii. 1797.

at the last Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Buckingham, of the Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Acts.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 10th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put into Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horseshoe in the

Parish of Stoke Goldingtoin the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and for repairing the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the said Horseshoe House, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in thq said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House: And that Mr. Bouverieof Northampton and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pfririon from A Petition and Representation of the there-under Tinwln-" written Gentlemen and Farmers, being Owners and shire rei|«.&- Occupiers of Land, in the County of Lincoln, was Prfcc o/corn. Patented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sic. ' the Petitioners, relying on the Regulations which were

established by the Legislature, respecting the Importation of Corn, in the Thirty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, have, at a very considerable Expence, cultivated a large Quantity of Land for the Production of Corn, the Price of which is now so extremely depressed as not to coinpenfate for the Charge of railing the fame, and, as that Deprellion has been occasioned by continuing to allow the free Importation of Corn, contrary to those Regulations, long after all actual Scarcity, and all Apprehension thereof, had cealed, the Petitioners conceive themselves to be materially injured, more particularly at a Time when the Charges of cultivating Land are so greatly augmented by a vast Increase of Parochial and County Rates, and by raising Men for the Navy, Army, and Militia, in which Services so many Labourers are engaged, that the Price of Labour is advanced very far beyond all former Experience, upwards of Eight Shillings Day having been commonly paid during a great Part of the lait Harvest; and although the Petitioners lament the Necessity of supporting l'uch extensive Services, as the unavoidable Consequence of War, yet they are fully convinced that it is the sincere Wilh of our Gracious Sovereign to put an End to the Calamities attending it, and that such Measures will be pursued, under His Authority, as may moll speedily conduce to a safe and honourable Peace; an Event ardently to be wished for, and which the Petitioners will not, on their Part, obstruct and retard by any ill advised Interference with the Executive Government in its Endeavours to accomplish that moll important Object and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that a very considerable Quantity of Corn is now in Possession of the Growers, by reason of the Impofiibility of disposing of it, except at a great Lois, on which Account much will probably remain for lbme Time unthrdhed: They have also Reason to believe, that very many Peffons, availing themselves of the low Price, have laid up a considerable Quantity of Corn for future Use j and, as the Fields at present 9

have the most promising Appearance, there is Reason to apprehend that the Price of Corn will be further deprelled, should the free Importation of Foreign Com be longer permitted, contrary to those Regulations,; and the Petitioners conceive that Corn of every Sort, amply sufficient for the Consumption of the whole Kingdom, w'ould be grown within it, if Regulations, equally tending to prevent too high or too low a Price, were established, not to be departed from, except in Cafes of Necessity, and then only so long as the Ne-celfity should exist; but, if Persons, cultivating Land at a large Expence, shall have but a very uncertain Prospect of Compensation for the Charge and Rilk of producing Corn, by Reason of any unnecessary Departure from such established Regulations, in l'uch a same Agriculture will be checked, the Cultivation of our Waite Lanctedil'couraged, and we mult depend for Support on the Produce of other States, enriching them, and promoting their Tillage, to the great Dil-couragement of our own: Thus becoming dependent on others, we should occasionally fuller most severely from that very Scarcity against which it is intended to provide: And the Petitioners further represent, that a Petition to the House, agreed to at a certain Meeting, held at Bojloti on the 29th Day of March lait (at which Meeting John Cartwright, Esquire, was Chairman) did not (as the Petitioners verily believe) cx-press the real Sentiments of the Inhabitants in general of that Town and Neighbourhood, nor of the Freeholders, nor of the taxed Householders, but only the Sentiments of a very i'rnall Number of Persons of any of those Descriptions, so far as relates to the Election of Members of the House; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that a Reform of such Election, extending -the Right of Suffrage either univerlally or to every taxed Householder, would tend clircdrily and unavoidably to the Subveriion of our present Constitution: And therefore praying the House will take these several Matters into Consideration, and do therein as to their Judgment shall i'eem most fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harrow-School for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, ted. in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of Gubkins, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Fartlk and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the HortonIndo-Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, Emitted, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of cester, was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Or- King's wilder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and 3jJJ p ted. Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and W'afte Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden,in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and En- Liverpool courageiuent of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and 1 ' Vessels into and out of the Port of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved,

37 Geo. III.

23° Mail

599

Southill In-cioi'irt Bill, -pulled *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

Ordered, That Colonel Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swahili, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill da pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill,in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbredo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

imperial i.<wn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bui, jvuled. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends of a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby; for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for re-paying Advances made by them for the Public Service, and for re-paying to the Contributors to the Loans of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Cambrkk Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for prohibiting the Blll> F,rts<1, Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order fcf the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aFree Pon'in upon the Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the the Maud of Island of Trinidad, a FreePort, be now read. Trinidad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Additional Charge of an Augmen- Estimate of tation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioiied Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Artillery, Men, of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery , the Presente'i Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Corps of Captain Commissaries, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, from the 25th of May 1797 to the 24th of December following, being 214 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

Vox.. 52.

ESTIMATE

1

Bill to embody the Tower Hamlets Militia, committed.

Assefled Taxts Duty Bill, present-cd.

<5oo

230 Mail.

A. 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Additional Chaise of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Men, of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Corps of Captain Commissaries, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, from the 25th of May 1797 to the 24th of December following, being 214 Days.

Horse Artillery, and Battalions at Home - - - - -

Battalions ----- - Abroad....

Invalid Battalion - - - -....

Corps of Captain Commissaries ——

Corps of Royal Military Artificers at Home -

D° - -- -- - Abroad - -

£. s. d. 14,790 12 10 1,788 18 if 1,686 7 3f

6 1

2,091 14 if 202 8 2

£23,671

6 72

The Allowances for each Non-commissioned Officer and Private are as under:

AT HOME,

d.

Serjeant - - -- -- 42 Day.

Corporal - -- - - -- - - -- - 4! D°.

Private ----- ----- ---- - 3 D°

ABROAD.

d.

Serjeant - -- -- - 3 per Day.

Corporal - -- -- - 2f D°.

Private - -- -- - 2 D».

N. B. The Expence attending the Extra Price of Bread and Meat, for the Non-commissioned ‘

Officers and Privates of the above Corps seeing at Home, is included in this Estimate, and calculated at the Rate of One Penny Three Farthings per Man, per Day; but the Amount is not to be considered as an Additional Expence to the Public, that Allowance having been given to all His Majesty's Forces employed in Great , and Jersey.

Office of Ordnance,

22d May 1797.

Howe.

A. Refs.

T/to. B

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/oived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed. That the Committee, to whom the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding

lions Bill to

of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quar- proceed, ter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Pala- an"n ' ' tine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, ailing in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, do fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, on next;

The

Commit fee

on Act for regulating the ftiippin of slave.

37 Geo IIL

23° Mail.

6b i

Tellers

a

Lancaffor Sections Bill put off for Six Alan tlx.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; vi

To leave out the Words " Friday next" and insert the Words " this Day Six Months" inllead thereof.

'And the Question being put, That the Words "

" Jay next" itand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

T „ c t, v (Mr. Stanley, \ Q

Tellers for the \ eas, j Mr f S8'

CY1 r. Dent, j

for the Noes, \ Lord George Angufus\ 57.

f Henry: )

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed, That the Words this Day Six Months" be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Six Months" in order to inlert the Word " Sevennight."

And the Question being put, That the Words " Six " Months" Hand Part of the first-proposed Amendment;

'Phe House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

.r , f ., ,r (Sir Willi > Tellers for the leas, jSir Michael leFleming:} 5

for the Noes, j 4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this Day Six Months" be there inserted;

It was relolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County

A Mcfljge from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lord?

r ° have agreed to

dim eon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bilj, intituled, An Bill for crjua-Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Midd/efex, at their General or Quarter Scf- for Middle-fions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County kx-Kate for the said County \ without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AcMerbtiry Act for marc effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Poss in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlinyton, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxfordwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dftton Inclo-A(ft for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the several lure.Biii Commons and Waste Lands in the Township oi Dillon, in the Parish of Prefcot, in die County Palatine of Lnn-ccifey, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SMnhamand Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Shipham and ll'vfcombe, in the County of Somerset > without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lezuis John Marie IIaifjbutter j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bimhyand Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Mutfond in-Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of clolulc Barnby and Mu if or d, in the County of Suffolk', without any Amendment: And also,

Haiiflbullier's Nat. Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Elftowlncfo-Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eljlotv,

Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices in the county of ; without any Amendment s The Lord *

of the Peace, accing in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sertions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, do fit and proceed upon the said Bill on this Day Six Months.

And also, h:ive patted

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Buckley] for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Mar- Estate BlU riage Settlement of Edward Buckley, Esquire, and zabeth his Wife, in order to pay oft" an Incumbrance affecting the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Heifch' and

I _ ... . _ \T.. ~ V. V. *

.to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And then the Mclfcngers withdrew.

reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confulcr cf an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An for naturalizing Frederick ticifeh and Jacob Mcu< " A<fl for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coall of Africa," be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord HaukeJbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Haivkefjury reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Hawkefburyaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Com- Mr. Mr. Courtenay: And they are to meet To-

mittee to move the House, that Leave be given tp morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speak-bring in a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels. from the Coast of Africa,

M'ilie's Nat. Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to confi- Committ.-e der of the Agreement made with Mr. Palmer for the couiiTer ot° Reform and Improvement of the Poll Oiiiee and its the A-rce-Revenue, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the 'pifouer House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Perceval, Mr kVBootle, Me.

Jekyll, Mr. Pitt, Mr. // in thread, the Lord Hazel; fbury,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Combe, Mr. Andrews, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr- Cal/is Western, Sir William Geary, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Sturt, Lord Viscount Be/grave, Mr. Pole Careiv,

er's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Bill ordered.

And the Lord Hazvkesbury moved the House..accord J

ingly. . !

Ordered, That Leave -be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coall of Africa: And that the Lord Hawkesbury and Sir FAiliiam do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Vol. ja.

The House wras moved. That an Act, made in the Motion far last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the ®'e AdT 1 8 more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and for preventing 4‘ AffemJ)lies," might be read. *

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

7 O That

Motion for Bill to repeal the Act against Seditious Practices.

Neg.

Report on Mr. Manning's Petition, re-committed.

East India Company's Volunteer Corps Bili, deferred.

Bill for in-doling Waste Lands by Agreement, deferred.

General Inti loin re Bill, deferred.

Answer to Addrel's.

602

230 — 24° Mail.

A. 1797.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{

Tellers for the Noes, I r‘

( Mr. Pierrepont

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and " Government against treasonable and l'editious Practices and Attempts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Manning, Esquire, was referred;

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Id-morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining " such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily " inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, " Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the " Kingdom, during the present War."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.0 Matt;

Anno 370 Georgii III1" Regis, 1797. PRAJERS.

LORD Viscount Stafford reported to the House, That their Addrei's of Friday last (to congratulate His Majesty on the happy Nuptials of the Princess Royal and his Most Serene Highness the Hereditary 9

Prince of Wirtembergh) had been presented to His Majesty; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

I thank the House of Commons for this dutiful Address; and for their Congratulations on an Occasion so very agreeable to Me.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act McOauiey's to dissolve the Marriage of James M‘Gauley with Eliza- D '°jce Blll> bet/i Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to P marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, penge inclo-to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Com- sure Bill> K' mon, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, port<: lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 40 Acres of Land, whose Lellee for Lives has signed the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 500 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Petition from of the City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the gulatethe Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That, if the Change proposed by the said Bill for the Administration of Justice, within the City and County of Exeter, in criminal or civil Cafes, should take place, the same would be an Infringement on the Rights of the Petitioners, and would be attended with great Inconvenience and additional Expence to the Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying.

That the City and County of the City of Exeter may be exempted from the Provisions of the said Bill; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against so much of tiic said Bill as aflefts the Rights of the Petitioners, and the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, Bolton an<( and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bo/ton-in the-Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lan- passed. caster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

zssd-

,;.VnUj

-IX

\lf.

Saltcoats Harbour Bill, committed.

Cambridge ami Airing-ton Bridge Road Bill, committed.

Fly,

Drainage Bill, passed.

Monmouth-shire Canal Bi'J, reported.

37 Geo. III. 24'‘Mai 3

be. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bu/ton-in-tke-Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburnof do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of , in the County of Ay r,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. larton, Mr. John Pitt, he.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road at or near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds in the Me of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk " and Norfolk, between MilRiver, South, Plant " Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the " West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter " Load, EarJ'well Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mil-

" denhall, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

" and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within " the Limits aforesaid, commonly called InvefedLands," so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-recited Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and prclerving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds 4‘ in the Me of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk,between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load,

" and Brandon River, North, bounded on the Well " by the River Ouse, and on the Fall by Winter Load,

" Ear fix ell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall,

41 and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the " Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefed Lands," so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-recited Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; and to'whom the Petition of William Ketneys,

Vol. 52.

Esquire, Owner of One undivided Third Part of certain Lands, called the Waterside or Cinder hill Wharf, and the Friars Fields, in, and adjoining to, the Town of Neiv-jport, in the County of Monmouth, and to the River Ujk, and Lessee of the Entirety thereof, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mitford presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of so much of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Canterbury, as relates to the Petition of John Bunyer and others; together with the Proceedings of the said Committee thereupon.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused byvthe Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the othet Papers of this Session.

Extracts of

Minutes of

Canterbury

Election

Committee,

presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, company's upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to volunteer pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be CorPsBl11, raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining such " Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol " themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns,

" or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons confined ipfvich for Debt in the Gaol for the County of Suffolk, at Iff- ors Pew 011' wich, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Appointment of John Mr. Primer's Palmer, Esquire, late Comptroller General of the Poll Appomtment Office, be referred to the Committee, who are ap- c0mLtte°eoa pointed to consider of the Agreement made with Mr. tha Subject.

Palmer

Member *

dded.

Bill for regulating the fltipping of Slaves, pre-Jen ted.

Papers ordered.

Ships fitted out for the Slave Trade.

T>° arrived in the West Indies.

Bounties paid to Captains, &c.

Rrturns of Collectors, Zee. in the V/eft India I hands.

Bill to make % a Free Port in the Island of Trinidad, reported.

A (Tidied Taxes Duty Bui, committed.

604 24°

Palmer for the Reform and Improvement of the Post Office and its Revenue, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Tv? ‘ivhitt, Mr. IVII Ham Dundns, Mr. Bryan Edwards, Mr. EH if on, M r. Montgomery, Sir Thomas Frank!and. Air. Black-Aw/d of Lanccshire, Mr. Wood, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Richardson, Mr. Andrews, Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Bouverie, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, 2VA', Northumberland, Durham, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Ffex, Hants, Wilts, Dorj'et, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Lancofter, West m or I and, and £#;/-berland, be added to the said Committee.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the flapping and carrying Slaves in Vessels from the Coast of

Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Alorning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, a List of the Number of Ships or Vessels, their Names, Tonnage, and Number of Alen uiually employed in navigating the lame, with the Date of their Clearance, that were fitted out from the levered Ports ot Great Britain for the Slave Trade, in the Years 1794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, each Port, and each Vessel.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Number of Vessels, their Names, Tonnage, and Number of Alen employed in navigating the fame, that arrived in the several Ports of the British West Indies from Africa, in the Years 1795 and 1796, or to the latest Period to which the Account can be made up, with the Dates of their Arrival; together with an Account of the Number of Slaves that were taken on Board such Vessels in Africa, the Number that died from that Period to the Date of the Ships Arrival in the West Indies, and the Number that were landed in each of the West India Islands; distinguishing, agreeably to the Act of Parliament, their Sexes, Sizes, and Ages.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Bounties paid to the Captains and Surgeons of the Ships employed in the Slave Trade in the Years 1795 and 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Returns of the Collector, or other Cul-tom House Officers, in the several British West India Islands, of all such Alatters relating to the African Slave Ships as were referred to them by the Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth of His present Majesty.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Tree Port, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Alanagcment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Mail. A. 1797,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeerf to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wa>'s and to consider further ot Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself iiito the said Committee.-

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddi-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Comnitreeoi. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, bodythe" upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to draw out and a 'ower Ilam-embody the Alilitia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in let< the County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone, through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plCale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, niittee, the Amendment which the Committee had -made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Alorning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Air Hobart reported from the Committee, appointed Report Ex-to esquire what Law's are expired, or ne r expiring, Pinn£ and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several liefolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the liefolutions of the Committee were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That lo much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the " several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the " Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent.

Geo. III.

24° Mail 605

" ir.cent, from Great Britainand the " Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for " a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Ten Years from the ill Day of January 1787, is expired, and fit to be reviwd and continued.

Ee/l'rveJ, Tifat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twentyseventh Year of His present Majesty's lleign, for " allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships,

" into and nom certain Ports and Places in the " dies, and for amending so much of an Act, made in the

" Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of " Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's lleign, as prohibits the Importation of t: Timber into any island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies from any Foreign Colony " or Plantation in the IVej Indies or,

u and so much of the said Act, made in the Twentyeighth Year of His present Majesty's lleign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpen- tine, into Nova Scotia or New from any

" Country belonging to the United States of as reipeds the Port of Saint Johns, in the Wand of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the 10th Day of July 1 797, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

General In- A closure Bill, put oil' for Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any Waste, Uninclosed, and Unprodudive Lands, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, or Common of Pasture, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to divide, inclose, and hold the same in Severalty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on recommitted Bill for inclosing Waste Lands by Agreement.

Debate on

Amendment to Biliretpeft ing the Exportation of Com, 5c c. itiuuted.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to resolve itielt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inctosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst 'the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilitics that may llancl in the Way of such Agreement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made l'everal other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Amendment proposed to

Vol. 52.

be made to the ingrafted Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts ot Corn, and other Articles made thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Barley," in Press 1, Line ult. stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title Bill paired, be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to regulate resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of deterred. Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply‘ to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; referred! *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Additional Charge Augmentn-of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of on wPay, the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drum- Fortes, mers, and Private Men, of His Majesty's Land Forces, . from the 25th May 1797 to the 24th December following, being 214 Days, deducting therefrom the,

Charge of the Extra Allowances now made on Bread and Meat to the Troops at Home, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to Allowance to be made to such of the Subaltern Of- Subaltern ficers of His Majesty's Marching Regiments of Foot, 0llice':" and Corps of Militia, Fencible Infantry, and Invalids, as Hull be present with, or employed on' the Duty of, the Corps to which they respectively belong, between the 24th May 1797 and the 25th December following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the additional Charge Additional of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of Payw Anii-the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drum- ery> C' mers, and Private Men, of the Brigade of Royal Horle Artillery, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Corps of Captain Commissaries, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, from the 25th of 1797 to the 24th of December following, being 214 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Augmcma-That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty-four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Forces.

7 P defraying

v

Augmentation to Pay, &c. of Artillery.

The Lords have agreed to

Imperial Loan Bill.

Kinro.s zr.d (Luk.n;inan Lead Bill.

A fn.u worth Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Queen's An-iwer to Congratulation.

606

24° — 25" Mail ' A. 1797.

defraying the additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Men, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from the 25th of 1797 to the 24th of Decemb following, being Two hundred and Fourteen Days, deducting therefrom the Charge of the Extra Allowances now made on Bread and Meat to the Troops at Home.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty towards defraying the Additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Men, of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Coqis of Captain Commifl'aries, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, from the 25th May 1797 to the 24th following,

being Two hundred and Fourteen Days.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question lwerally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Meffiige from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Simeon: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby; for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for re-paying Advances made by them for the Public Service, and for re-paying to the Contributors to the Loans of Fourteen Miliions Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing the Road from Kir.ross, in the County of Kinross,to in the County of

Clackmanan\ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashehin the County of Glonccjier; with iome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yevis, 2 50 Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Prayer s.

LORD Viscount Malden acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say,

A

Gentlemen, .

I return My Thanks to the House of Commons:

They have constantly shewn their Zeal and Afiection to the King; and I am extremely glad that the King's Choice on this Occasion has met with their Approbation.

The Earl Gower Sutherland acquainted the House, of

That the Gentlemen, appointed to attend the Princess Koy.ilailii ' Royal, and his Moll Serene Highnel's the Hereditary Pguceoi Prince of IVirtembergh, with the Congratulatory Mel-sage sent from this House, had attended her Royal tory xlhu-c. Highness, and his Mod Serene Highness, accordingly; and that her Royal Highness was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

I thank the House of Commons for this Message:

I am very glad of their Approbation, which will always make me happy?

And that his Mod Serene Highness was pleased to fav,

I rejoice at the Share the House of Commons take in my Happiness, and am fenlible of their Attention in making me these Congratulations. I am very much obliged to them for their good Wilhes, and thank them for the Assurance of their Friendship, which I shall always try to deserve.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher R°yal A-15"11 of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Lock, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Dorset, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby; for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for re-paying Advances made by them for the Public Service, and for re-paying to the Contributors to the Loans of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One Million Six hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp " Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitois and " Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein " mentioned

An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited

37 Geo. III. 250

mited Time, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to lufpend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of the 4t Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for retraining the Negotiation " of Proniitlbry Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange,

" under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great " tain called England

An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks', and " certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,to issue Notes for Sums under-

" a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for in- demnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the United 4‘ Kingdom

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, lurrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors:

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the Lidia Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,at their General or Quarter S.-llions of the Peace, to make' a fair and equal County Rate for the said County:

An Act for re-veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to embank and drain the Open and Unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between the Dales Head Dyke and the River Witham, in the several Town-Ihips or Hamlets, and Parishes, of , Timberland

Thorpe, Timberland Martin, , and , all

in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Ille of Ely and County of Camoridye,further Taxes, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, under certain Acts passed in the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for belter improving, supporting, and preserving, the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts,passed in the Twenty- ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln-, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termi-V nation of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bmccbridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of , near a

Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repciring and widening the Road from Basingstoke,through Wor tin, Overton,

Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton,to a Place called Lubcomb Cor-

ner, in the Parish of Winter [low,in the County of and of another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the

VOL. 52.

Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road from SpittleHouse, over Wto Mullen's Pond,

as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from An, through Char lion, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom,

and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of B and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the County " of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mile-way in the City of Oxford:

An Act for making and repairing the Road from Kinross,in the County of KinrcJ's,to , in the County

ot Clachnanan:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of JohnPerrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, anting from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said devised Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Llere-ditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and to enable the said Trullees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant building and other Leases of the said devised Estates:

An Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal Lands lituate in the several Parishes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles William Taylor, Esquire, in Trifftecs, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir William Low!her. Baronet, in Trullees, in Trull, toconvey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther'& conveying other Estates to the Uses of the settled ' Estates:

An Act for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, in Trullees,

‘to be fold, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled o the same Uses:

An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was devised by the Will of Anna Maria Sacheverell, Widow, and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane Gough, Widow, deceased, and for lettling and assuring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to such Uses as by the said Wills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respectively.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Heredh taments in the Parish of Allhallows Steyning, in the City of London, in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of C/iaddcsley Corbett, in the County of Wor refer:

An

6 o8

25° 7 /7.

j. 1797.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Mr. Allen reported from the Committee, to whom Moorlmch ralty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Com- the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Inc'n, T mon Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and within the Hamlet or Tithing of -Easterton,in the improving, the Open and Commonable Arable J ands,

County of Wilts: within the Parish of Moorlmch, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or merfetwas committed; That the Committee had exa-Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied of Nottingham: with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of IVyke Regis, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee , in the County of Dorset: (except the Proprietor of 3 Common hights in the

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Open and Commonable Pastures, who refused to sign

ralty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Mea- the Bill; and all'o, except the Proprietors of 50 Acres dows, Commonable Lands, Common , and Waste and 1 Rood in the Open and Commonable Arable Grounds, within the Parish of Great IVilbraham, in the Lands, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made County of Cambridge: no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Proprietors of Acres in the said Open and Com-Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common monable Arable Lands, who could not be met with;

Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little IVilbraham, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and " Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the " Parish of Corse, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of and Hamlet

of Charlton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons,«and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish o in the County of Bedford:

An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Ditton, in the Parish of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lane aft er;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Shipham and in the County of Somerset:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jofeplt Henry Cooke, Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of McGauley with Elizabeth Roivlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Marie Hauffoullier.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Compared! mon, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey. Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Heifch't and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BilU-ead? " for naturalizing Frederick Heifch and John Jacob Matte, was read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

and that the whole Number of Common Rights interested in the Bill are 33, and the Open and Commonable Arable Lands conlift of 396 Acres, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made lev oral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime.

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the East India Company East India to pay the Expences of Two Regiments cf Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House corps Bill, and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such pauhl. Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of Plis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall " voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their " Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled) " An Act for encouraging and dilciplining " such Corps or Companies cf Men as ilia.ll voluntarily inroi themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of " the Kingdom, during the present War."

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of B-iitolRoA His present Majesty, for making and repairing several Blll‘ Roads round the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing several Roads round " the City of Bristol," and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfeld Common Road, into the Bit ton and Common

Read;

fa

FT T

Canterbury

Election — . IVmion of Electors.

37 Geo. III. $5° Mail 609

Road; and Setting forth. That, by reason of opening certain new and more commodious Roads and Communications, the Road from the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Nezvton Saint Loe, through the Parish of Englishcombe, to Mitford, the Road from to

Timsbury, and the Road from Passage to the Blue Anchor at Portijlieadall in the County of , be-

ing Part of the Roads comprized in, and directed to be repaired by, the said recited Act, are become less useful to the Public than they formerly wete, and it is therefore expedient, that the Trustees for executing the said Act should be dil'charged from the future Care, Management, and Repair, of the said Pieces of Road: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for discharging the Trustees under the said recited Act from the future Care, Management, and Repair, of the said Pieces of Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the City of and County of the same City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, previous to the last General Election, His Majesty, as appears by a certain Writ directed to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury, did order a certain Parliament to be holden at the City of Westminster on the 12th Day of July last past, and did, by the \Y rit aforesaid, command, and strictly enjoin, the said Sheriff of the City of,

that he should cause Two Citizens, of the same City, to be freely and indifferently elected, and that the Names of those Citizens, so to be elected, he should cause to be inserted in certain Indentures to be thereupon made between him and those who should be present at such Election, and them at the Day and Place aforesaid he should cause to come; and that the said Parliament, so ordered to be holden in the City of Westminster, was, by several Writs, prorogued to, and until, the 27th Day of September last past, and was there and then holden; and that the said Sheriff for the City of Canterbury did, in Obedience to the aforesaid Writ, proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, at the said Election, John Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, and George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Ho lyzvood, Baronet, were Candidates, and the said Sheriff, and divers Electors of the said City; did execute a certain Indenture of Return, whereby the said Baker and Samuel Elias S a iv brid were returned to the said Parliament as having been freely and indifferently chosen according to the Tenor and Effect of the aforesaid Writ; and that certain Electors of the said City of Canterbury did, immediately upon the assembling of the Parliament so commanded to be holden as aforesaid, present a certain Petition to the House, questioning and complaining of the Return of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, and alledging that, at the then last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City of Canterbury, George , Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were Candidates, and that before and during the said Election the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Promiles of Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts of Money, Von. 52.

Presents, and Allowance of Meat, Drink, and other Entertainments, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great4 many of the Electors to vote for them the said John, Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge: And that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John. Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll for the said City over the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, and the Returning Officer of the said City returned the said John. Baker and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge as the Persons 'duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas' the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge werev by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices of themselves, and their Agents, disabled and incapacitated upon the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said City, and the said Election of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge was void; and that, the Matter of the said Petition was, by an Order of the House, referred to a Selcft Committee, and the said Select Committee did determine, that tlje said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were not duly elected, and that the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury was a void Election, which said Determinations were duly reported to the House of Commons; and that a certain other Writ, bearing Date the Stcond Day of March last, was issued, directed to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury aforesaid, reciting, " that John Baker " and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were lately "chofen Citizens for the said City, and that the " Lower House of Parliament had adjudged the Election of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias u Sawbridge to be void," and commanding the said Sheriff that he should cause Two other fit and discreet Citizens of the said City to be elected in the Place of the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, and > that the said John Baker and N Elias,

and the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, were again Candidates at such renewed Election, and that a great Number of the Electors did give their Votes for each of them on that Occasion, but that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, having a Majority of Votes on the Poll, were, by a certain Indenture of Return executed by and between the said . Sheriff and divers Electors of the said City of Canterbury, declared to have been fairly and indifferently chosen, according to the Tenor and Effect of the said last mentioned Writ; and that certain Electors of the said City of Canterbury did, within the Time appointed for receiving Petitions in such Cases, present a certain Petition to the House, alledging (amongst other Things) that, before the giving the Votes at such renewed Election, Public Notice was given to the Electors of the same City, and also to the Returning Officer, that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, by reafod of the Premises aforesaid, were ineligible to represent the City of Canterbury in Parliament on that Occasion, and that any Vote given in Favour of them would be absolutely useless and thrown away: And further alledging, That the Electors of the said City, who voted for the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, at the Time of giving their Votes, weil knew that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were incapable of fitting in Parliament for the said City; and that, after the Close of the Poll on that Occasion, and before the Execution of the said last mentioned Indenture, the Sheriff of the said City was required to return the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood as the Persons elected to lerve in Parliament for the said City, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Writ: And further alledging. That the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge had offended against the Standing Order again!! Bribery, made by the House of Commons in the Year 1678; and also,

7 Q. against

6io

2 s' Mail'

A. 1797.

against the Act of Parliament, of the Seventh- Year of King William the Third, Chapter the Fourth, and had obtained the Seats they then held in the House by the Violation of the said Order and Act of Parliament, and by gross Bribery, Treating, and corrupt Practices, committed by themselves and their Agents, before and after the issuing of the said last mentioned Writ, and before and during the Progress of the said first-mentioned Election; and praying the House to declare the said last Election and Return of the said Baker and Samuel Elias Satvbridge to be void; and that the said George Gipps and Sir John H were duly elected,

and ought to have been returned on that Occasion, and would grant to the said last mentioned Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises as to the House should seem meet; and that the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition was referred to another Select Committee of the House, and, after the Evidence in Support of the Allegations contained in such Petition had been heard before them, they resolved (amongst other Things) that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were not duly elected, but that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood ought to have been returned; and, the said last mentioned Resolutions being reported to the House, the said Return was accordingly altered; and that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, after the Diflblution of the last Parliament, and after the Teste and the issuing of the Writ for the said first-mentioned Election, and previous to and during the Poll at that Election, by themselves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said George Gipps and Sir John,

did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage, to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said City, and to several Persons who had Voice or Vote in such first-mentioned Election for the said City, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, and the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage, to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said City, and to several Persons who had Voice or Vote in such first-mentioned Election for the said City, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward,

Entertainment, and Provision, as aforesaid, in order to procure themselves to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, contrary to, and in Defiance and Contempt of, a Standing Order of the House, and of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," and that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, by themselves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers, previous to, and during, the said first-mentioned Election, were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and did corruptly and illegally give, promise, and offer, large Sums of Money, Prelents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, to divers of the said Electors, in order to procure them to vote for the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood; and that, by Reason of the Premises aforesaid, the Petitioners are advised that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood arc ineligible to represent the said City in Parliament on such renewed Election, and arc disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the said City, and, by Reason of the Premises aforesaid, are to be deemed and taken no Members of ' the Parliament, and ought not to have any Vote or Place in the Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House wi 1 take the Premises into their Consideration on an early Day, and will declare the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood to be ineligible in the present Parliament, and not duly elected at the said renewed Election, and that the said last Election was a Void Election and grant to the Petitioners such further

Relief in the Premises as they in their Wisdom shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 13 th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons; Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- 411(1 MegJU-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Pro-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- nufioryNote jesty, a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, printed, or written, any Promissory Note, or other Note, for the Payment of Money on Demand, which may be re-ifl uable from Time to Time after Payment at the Place where the same was first issued, but not otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, a Duty of Two Pence, and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, a Duty of Three Pence, and where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Duty of Four Pence, and where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two Hundred Pounds, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D»-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-issued from Time, to Time after any Payment at the same Place or any other Place than where the same was first ifl'ued, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, a Duty of Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, !>♦ That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Pence, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, printed, or written, any Promissory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, and where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, a Duty of

Three

37 Geo. III. 25°

Three Pence, and where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Duty of Four Pence, and where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, a Duty of Six Pence.

Duty on Pro- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

nuflory Notes, at, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, printed, or written, any Promissory Note, or other Note, payable on Demand or otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed Two - hundred Pounds.

IP on Grant Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of office . That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Grant of any Office or Employment, which shall be above the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, which Value shall be calculated on the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, appertaining to such Office or Employment within the Year.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to H is Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, is committed. That they have Powrer to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Rel'olutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Tax /Duty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners' for the Affairs of Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for allow- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

wioinT resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Joule, upon ieered. 'the Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the Contri-

butors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

stamp Duties The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill, deferred. ref0[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, pra&if-ing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 52.

Mail.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to divide the said Bill into Two Bill.

Bills; _ N'S-

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, } 45- ,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Trial

to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of of Causes, Causes and Indictments which arile within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolbetitook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to'fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House according to Bill to enable Order, a Bill to enable Persons professing -the Roman Catholics to Catholic Religion, to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia: And the same fented was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several other Owners and Mailers of Ships, was presented to'present a to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a late Petition for Decision of the Court of King's Bench, and as the Law Relief now Hands, the Owners and Mailers of Ships are held to be responsible to the Owners of thqir respective Cargoes for all Damages which may happen to their Cargoes that do not arise by the A Cl of God immediately operating on the Vessel; and that, from this Interpretation of the Law, the Owners and Mailers of Ship are answerable for the Loss or Damage which has happened, or may happen, to the Cargoes of their respective Vessels, by numerous Accidents which it is impossible for them either to foresee or prevent; and that this llefponfibility was totally unknown, both to the Owners and Mailers of Ships, and to the Owners of >

the Cargoes, until the above-mentioned Decision; and, unless the Owners and Mailers t>f Ships are relieved from such Responsibility, the same will operate as a great Grievance to the Petitioners, and, all other Owners and Mailers of Ships, be the Means of preventing Persons from engaging their Property in Shipping, and may be attended with serious Inconveniencies to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdonj; and that the Petitioners, having been informed that their Application was not of a private Nature, they unfortunately iuffered the Time to elapse which was appointed by the House for the Reception of private Petitions:

And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to exhibit a Petition, for Relief in the Premises, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Confuieration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given

Petition presented.

Bill to embody the s Tower Hamlets Militia, deferred.

Moorlinch inclosure Bill, palfed.

Pilchard Fi-ihery Bill, committed.

612

given to present a Petition as desired by the said Owners and Matters of Ships.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and several other Owners and Matters of Ships, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting Relief to the Owners and Matters of1 Ships.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , the Lord Carrington,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of The Tower Hamlets, in the County of Midd/efexy be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 26° die Mail;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moor-linck, in the County of Somer, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 4. 1. 6. To leave out " the" and insert

" certain" instead thereof.

& 9. To leave out " the " and insert " certain" instead thereof.

Pr. 9. 1. 25. To leave out " Inclosure" and insert " Allotment" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qyeftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Allen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard u Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 7th Day of June next,resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houie, upon the said Bill.

A. 1797.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Wark inch ing, a certain Common Moor or Trad of Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Car ham,.in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor dr Trad of Waste Ground, called Hrark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Carham, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the touts A-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open incioiure Bin, and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and "S1 1 :o-intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashehvortk, in the County of Gloucester.,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. . 3. 1. 9. Leave out from "said" to "James,"

in Line 23.

Pr. 41. 1. 12. After " made" insert Clause

(A.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas the Commissioners " named and appointed in and " by an Act passed, for dividing " and inclosing the Open and " Commonable Fields, Common " Meadows, Common Pastures,

" and other Commonable Lands,

" within the said Parish of " field, were and are, in the Event " of their determining that the " aforesaid Owners of Messuages,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish " of Ashehvorth, were entitled toi " Right of Common in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- dows, Common Pastures, and " other Commonable Lands in the said Parish of Hasfield, authorized and required to determine on the Claim of the " said James Edzvards, as Vicar " of the said Parish of " worth, in Opposition to the Reverend Saunders William ler, as Rector of the said Parish " of Hasfield, to the Tithe of the " Plot or Parcel of Land which " should be set out or awarded " to the said Owners of Messuages, Tenements, and Heres " ditaments, within the said Parish of for or in lieu

" of their said Right of Common; and in case the said " James Edwards, or the Person ' " for the Time being Vicar of " Ashelworth aforesaid, or the " said Saunders William Miller,

" or the Person for the Time " being Red or of Hasfield aforesaid, should object to the Determination of the said Commissioners, it should be lawful " for the said James Edwards, ot.

" any other Person for the Time " being Vicar of Ashehvorth aforesaid,

25 — 26° Mail

37 Geo. III.

26° M

13

Vol. 52.

" foresaid, against the said " ders William or any other Person for the Time being Rector of aforesaid, and for the said Saunders " William Milleror any other " Person, Rector of Hasfield aforesaid, against the said James " Edwards, or any other Person " for the Time being Vicar of " Afnelworthaforesaid, to commence and prosecute, in any " of His Majesty's Courts of " Record at Westminster, an Action for aiceriaining the Right " of the Plaintiff, and to proceed " in such Action, in Manner " therein mentioned: And whereas the said Commissioners have determined, that the " Whole of the said Plot or Parcel of Land is titheable to the' " said Saunders William,

" as Rector of the said Parish of " Hasfield, to which Determina- " tion the said James Edwards " objects, and of such his Objedion has given Notice to the " said Commissioners, agreeably " to thp Directions of the said " recited Act: And whereas it " may be for the mutual Be- nefit of the said James " wards and Saunders William " A////errespectively, and of their " respective Successors, that the " Right to the Tithe of the said " Plot or Parcel of Land, or to " the Land to be allotted by " virtue of this Act in lieu of " such Tithe, should be determined by Arbitration, in Manner herein after mentioned, and " not by a Jury, in the Manner " prescribed by the said recited " Ad; Be it therefore Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid, " That (by and with the Consent of the said James Edwards " and Saunders William Miller, or " of their respective Successors, " such Content to be testified " by some Writing or Instrument under their respective " Hands) the Right to the Tithe " of the said Plot or Parcel of " Land, lately Part of the said " Parish of Hasfield, but now " Part of the said Parish of " Afnelworth, or to the Land to " be allotted by virtue of this <c Ad in lieu of such Tithe, shall " be, and the same is hereby referred to the Decision of One " or more Person or Persons, " Barristers at Law, to be indifferently chosen by the said " James Edwards, or his Successors, and the said Saunders " William Miller, or his Successors, which Person or Persons " is or are hereby authorized and " empowered, and shall with all " convenient Speed, proceed to " hear and determine the Mat-' " ter in question respecting the

ts Right to the Tithe of the said " Plot or Parcel of Land, or to " the Land to be allotted in lieu " of such Tithe as aforesaid, by " Examination of Witnesses up-' " on Oath (which Oath the said

" Arbitrator or Arbitrators is or " are hereby authorized and " empowered to administer) or " by such other Evidence, Proofs,

" Ways, or Means, as to him or " them the said Arbitrator or " Arbitrators shall seem meet . " and proper; and the said Arbitrator or Arbitrators shall " make, execute, and publish " his or their Award in Writing the rein, under his or " their Hands and Seals, within the Space of Four Months " next after the Time of his or " their being appointed Arbitrator or Arbitrators as aforesaid, and such Award shall be " final, binding, and conclusive " upon the Parties interested, " their Heirs and Successors; " and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to < " attend the said Arbitrator or

" Arbitrators to give Evidence " as aforesaid, then the said Arbitrator or Arbitrators shall " and may, and he or they is or " are hereby authorized and required, by Summons in Writ-, " ing under his or their 1 land or

' " Hands, directecl to such Person or Persons so neglecting or " refusing as aforesaid, to require " such Person or Persons to attend him or them at such " Time and Place as shall be " specified in such Writing, to " give Evidence in the Matter " aforesaid; and all and every " Person and Persons, upon being served with a Copy ol such " Summons, or having a Copy " thereof left at his, her, or their " respective House or Houses, " or last or usual Place or Places " of Abode, Fourteen Days at " the least before the Time to " be appointed for such Attendance, is and are hereby directed and required to attend the " said Arbitrator or Arbitrators " accordingly, and give Evidence " to the best of their Knowledge touching such Dispute " as aforesaid, any Thing herein, " or in any former Act or Acts " of Parliament contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance

7 11 affecting

F/iicklev's Kit ate Kill, read.

i -

Stoke Goldin ;ton, and Newport Pag-nel Roads Bill, preferred.

PjmG ite Harbour Bill, reported.

Tower Hilt Improvement Bill, reported.

Mr. Manning's re-committed Petition, reported.

1

614 26° Mali. . 1797.

affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the FirllTimc:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dichins preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Galdington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and 1m-u provement of the Harbour of Ran:[gate, in the County cc of Kent, and for clcanling, amending, and preserving,

" the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to thye House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Icvcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Open Space of Great Tower Hi!!, and for removing, and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-imto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofkd.

o

Mr. IVigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Manning, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by a Promissory Note for £. 2,500, produced to your Committee, That the said Edward Manning is

J % ( 1 o

Holder of the said Note, indorsed to him by George Mackenzie Macauley, in Part Payment of the Sum of jf.5,020. 155. 4 d. awarded to be due to the said Edward Alarming, by an Award bearing Date the aid of April 1794, which was produced to your Committee: And,

Mr. John James being examined, said, That the Drawers of the said Note refute Payment of the fame, f and the Person in whole Favour it m'as drawn, and who indorsed it, is in inklvent Chcumllances.

And the Witness further said, That the said Edward Manning, as Indorsee of such Note, brought an Action thereon in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench against one of the Drawers, when it was determined that the said Note, being drawn upon an improper 9

Stamp, ought not to be received in Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein to be mentioned to be stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf: And that Mr. IVigley and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brodrick reported from the Committee, to whom Sir Francis the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act g so te for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates and paiftd. let tied by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for applying and laying out the Money to arile therefrom in the Pu'rchafe of other1 Estates, to be settled to the same Dies, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee,had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered *

the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

A Petition cf IV hard Davis, and the several ether Pmt n fmn Persons whole Names arc thereunto lublcribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of irftnliicluarr the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Blil and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Walks, an t Commonable Woods,

Lands, and Grounds, within the Parnh of Croydon, in the County of Surrey; and Setting lorth, That the said Bill goes to deprive the Inhabitants of the said Pari 111, and the Poor thereof in particular, of certain ancient Rights and Immunities granted to them (as they have been informed) by lbme, or one, of the Predecessors of His present Majesty, and that the said Bill seems calculated to answer the Ends or certain Individuals: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may be totally rejected, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Preiniles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Tlut the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Coun-fel, against the said Bill, upon, their Petition, il they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the dime Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Meffasre

kJ

HI I mot:

from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Air. The Lords

9 J have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An l,thoe Ij‘ Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- ciolure mon and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows,

Common Failures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Southoe, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An j ioiurc Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain iii. Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry,

.<11

j'.uni]

\r:.\

37 Geo. III.

26° Mail.

615

CriJling Stubb Inclo-line Bill.

Lindndi f Tn-cloiure Bill.

Hohvcll, Arc. inclosure Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Soncrton, Arc. imioiure Bill.

Ate ham and

D>rrinrton Rood Bill.

Kerry Inclo-

iure Bill, with Amendment.

Stoke Saint Gregory, and Weji Hatch, in the County of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Somerset; without any Amendment: And also, The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

I he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Replved\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Pieces be, An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and cm-of Common or \\ralte Land, within the Township of body the Militia Forces of the Toner Hamlets, in the Cr idling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of County of Middlesex.

2ork; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or \\ alte Lands within the Manor and Parish An ingrossed Bill for taking off the Bounty now Bill for taking of Liudm.ge, in the County of H orcester; without any payable on Sail Cloth and Canvas exported to Ireland, t,1;‘ ounty Amendment:And also, __ was read the Third Time. T&8 *

lr.e laOKis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An An ingrolFed Clause was offered to be added to Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration Open, Common, and Waite Lauds, within the several Gf the Ad.

Manors Hot.ce / and U co.hnidge, and in the Parish And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the of H'jLjc':, in the County of So>;:erfet; without any Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to

be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-P> allotting, and inclosing, the Open and poled to be made to the Bid;

Pr. 1.1. 17. To leave out " is" and insert " may

Trent an»l Mcdey Canals Bill.

Cliriil Church koor Bill.

Amendment: And also,

rI he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled', An Act for dividing

Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of S overt on and Lmr.tion Diindon, and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called Soutlnncad and Kingsmoor, lituate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long Suttons Kwgfdon, Nor t hover, and Ilchcfier, and the llamlets or 11 things of IVidcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them; and also, lb much of a certain Allotment or Tract of uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of Sower/et; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham through Condover to Dorriupon, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Alljidd Turning, in the said Parch of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shrezvfurry to Ludlow, at a Place called llongerhill, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several Branches of Canal from and out of their said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

1. 32.

" be" instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of June, " and insert " Fifteenth Day of July " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dougins do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Reading, Berks, was pretexted to the House, and read; Complaining of their Diitreft, and proving Relict.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

.Reading Dcbcuio Pe-tiaca.

more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the " Parish of Chrijr Church, in the County of Mid die [ex, " to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the u employing and maintaining the Poor of the said <c Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein ;' and also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

A Mefluge from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords

iTT'' a . liavC agreed

rrilmot: v

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the idl'd, An c-nbricks

iD . 7 7 Jj'll

Act for prohibiting the importation of Carnbricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for piv-Act for preventing the Dcfcrtion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty s Colo- men. nies and Plantations in the IFejl Indies; without ariy The Lords Amendment: And also, We pulled

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act St. Giles and for exchanging the Advowl'on of the Vicarage of the

o o o vow tens nuL

Abbey Chv.ith, othenvile Holy Crcfs, with Saint Giles A

annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowibus of the Churches of Rijhy and Fornham Saint Genov eje, otherwise Saint Genov eve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Bight honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdiiyogers withdrew.

Bill to embody % . Tower Hamlets Mi-toia, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Port of San Jofcf, Bill to mike in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port, was read the ‘‘Aft Port !n

- . 3 ( 9 9 t:ic Wind ot

J bird I line. TrinUhti,

Resolved, That the Bill do pa ft: A:cl that the Title P:llj‘d-be, An Act for making the Port of Sun Jff, in the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrolled Bill to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Bland of Trinidad, a Free Port.

Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, be now Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the E! rca(p Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Vol. 52.

II to the

A Bill

L

6i6

26° Mali.

A.

1797'

Bill for regu- A Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves n Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was, ac-

slaves,com- cording to Order, read a Second Time. miUtd Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yhurfday Sevennight, the 8th Day of June next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bounties to , Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Tuesday

surgeons of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the slave ships to whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be al-be considered. lowed, in certain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

stamp Duties Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bill, deferred. j.Q ref0ive itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

AssessedTaxes Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from

Duty Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Cp° C ‘ for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the

Amount ot certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then . a Second Time, One by One; and, dpon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the Ek Uanof That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and

Members. regulate the Election of Members to serve in the Neg.

Commons House of Parliament;

T he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp 11 r C"\Ti. S hen dan.

Idlers for the leas, I, f Tjr.}r '

5 \ Mr. William Smith

91.

Tellers for the Noes, f(Jie ftrd J 6

5 (Mr. Douglas :,) D

So it passed in the Negative.

Canterbury A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are KU-ftion — thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and nthmof Pc' Others, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury, Sectors. and County of the same City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That previous to the last General Election, His Majesty, as appears by a certain Writ directed to the Sheriff'of the City of Canterbury did order a certain Parliament to be holden at the City of Westminster on the 12th Day of July last past, and did, by the Writ aforesaid, command, and Itrictly enjoin, the said Sheriff' of the City of Canterbury, that he lliould cause Two Citizens, of the same Cit\\ to be freely and indifferently elected and that

the Names of those Citizens, so to be elected, lie should cause to be inserted in certain Indentures to be thereupon made between him and those who should be present at such Election, and them at the Day and Place aforesaid he lliould cause to come; and that the said Parliament, so ordered to be holden in the City of Wfrminjhr, was, by several Writs, prorogued to, and until, the 27th Day of September last past, and was there then holden; and that the said Sheriff for the City of Canterbury did, in Obedience to the aforesaid Writ, proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, at the said Election, John Baker, Esquire, and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquire, and George Gipps, Esquire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, \Vere Candidates, and the said Sheriff, and divers Electors of the said City, did execute a certain Indenture of Return, whereby the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were returned to the said Parliament as having been freely and indifferently chosen according to the Tenor and Effect of the aforesaid Writ; and that certain Electors of the said City of Canterbury did, immediately upon the assembling of the Parliament so commanded to be holden as aforesaid, present a' certain Petition to the House, questioning and complaining of the Return of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, and alledging that, at the then last Election of Members to serve ih Parliament for the said City of Canterbury, George Gipps, El quire, and Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were Candidates; and that before and during the said Election, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Promiles of Money and other Rewards, and by Gifts of Money, Prcients, and Allowance of Meat, Drink, and other Entertainments, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for thgrn the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge; and that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll for the said City, over the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, and the Returning Officer of the said City returned the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge as the Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge \\ ere, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal P raft ices of themselves, and their Agents, disabled and incapacitated upon the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said City, and the said Election of them the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge was void; and that the Matter of the 'laid Petition was, by an Order of the House, referred to a Select Committee, and the said Select Committee did determine that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge were not duly elected, and that the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury was a void Election, which said Determinations were duly reported to the House of Commons; and that a certain other Writ, bearing Date the Second Day of March last, was issued, directed to the Sheriff of the City of Canterbury aforesaid, reciting, "That John Baker and Samuel. " Elias Sawbridge, Esquires, were lately chosen Citizens " for the said City, and that the Lower House of Parliament had adjudged the Election of them the said " John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge to be void," and commanding the said Sheriff that lie should cause Two other fit and discreet Citizens of the said City to be elected in the Place of the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sawbridge; and that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Sazvbridge, and the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, were again Candidates at such renewed Election, and that a great Number of the Electors did give their Votes for each of them on that

Occasion,

1

37 Geo. III.

a 6°

617

Occasion, but that the said Baker and Samuel

Elias Saw bridge, Esquires, having a Majority of Votes

Persons who had Voice or Vote in such first-mentioned Election for the said City, Money, Meat, Drink, Re-

on the Poll, were, by a certain Indenture of Return ward. Entertainment, and Provihon, as aforesaid, in

executed by and between the said Sheriff and divers Electors of the said City of Canterbury, declared to have been fairly and indifferently chosen, according to the Tenor and Effect of the said last mentioned Writ; and that certain Electors of the said City of Canterbury dict, within the Time appointed for receiving Petitions in such Cases, present a certain Petition to the TIoufc, alledging (amongst other Things) that, before the giving the Votes at such renewed Election, Public Notice was given to the Electors of the same City, and all'o to the Returning Officer, that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias Saw bridge, by reason- of the Pre-miles aforesaid, were ineligible to represent the City of Canterbury in Parliament on that Occasion, and that any Vote given in Favour of them would be absolutely useless, and thrown away; and furtheralledging, that the Electors of the said City, who voted for the said John Baker and Samuel Elias at the

Time of giving their Votes, well knew that the said John Baker and Samuel Elias were incapable

ot fitting in Parliament for the said City; and that, after the Close of the Poll on that Occasion, and before the Execution of the said last mentioned Indenture, the Sheriff of the said City was required to return the said George Gipps and Sir John Horn wood as the Persons

order to procure themselves to be elected to ferrve in Parliament for the said City, contrary to, and in Defiance and Contempt of, a Standing Order of the House, and of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act - for preventing Charge and " Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament and that the said George Gipps and Sir John Hcnywood, by themselves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers, previous to, and during, the said first-mentioned Election, were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and did corruptly and illegally give, promise, and offer, large Sums of Money, Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, to divers of the said Electors, in order to procure them to vote for the said George Gipps and Sir John Hony-ivood; and that, by Reai'on of the Premises aforesaid,' the Petitioners are advised that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood are not duly elected to represent

the said. City in Parliament, and are ineligible to represent the same City in Parliament on such renewed Election, and are disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the said City, and, by Reason of the Premises aforesaid, are to be deemed and taken no Members of the Parliament, and ought not to have

elected to serve in Parliament lor the said City, in any Vote or Place in the Parliament: And therefore pursuance of the said last mentioned Writ: And fur- praying, That the House will take the Premises into ther alledging. That the said John Baker and Samuel their Confederation on an early Day, and will declare Elias Saw bridge had offended against the Standing Or- the said George Gipps and Sir John not duly

tier against. Bribery, made by the House of Commons elected at the said renewed Election, and to be ineli-in the Year 1678; and also, against the Act of Par- gible in the present Parliament, and that the said last liament, of the Seventh Year of King William the Election was a void Election, and grant to the Peti-Third, Chapter the Fourth, and had obtained the tioners such further Relief in the Premises as they in Seats they then held in the House by the Violation their Wisdom shall fee meet.

of the said Order and Act of Parliament, and by , That the said Petition be taken into Con-

gross Bribery, Treating, and corrupt Practices, com- sideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of June next, at nutted by themselves and their Agents, before and the same Time that the petition of the several Persons; after the i(filing of the said last mentioned Writ, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of before and during the Progress of the said first-men- themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the tioned Election; and praying the House to declare the City of , and County of the same City, is

laid last Election and Return of the said John Baker ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied With Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

and Samuel Elias Saivbridgeto be void, and that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood were duly elected, and ought to have been returned on that Occasion, and would grant to the said last mentioned Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises as to the House should teem meet; and that the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition was referred to another Select Committee of the House, and, after the Evidence in Support of the-Allegations contained in such Petition had been heard before them, they re-lolved (amongst other Things) that the said John Baker Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as and Samuel Elias Saivbridge were not duly elected, but shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on that the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood ought the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, to have been returned; and, the said last mentioned

Ilelolutions being reported to the House, the said Re- The other Orders of the Day being read;

turn was accordingly altered; and that the said George that this House will, upon

Gipps and Sir John Honyzvood, after the Dissolution of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committie of the the last Parliament, and after the Teste and the issuing whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means; of the Writ for the said first-mentioned Election, and for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. previous to and during the Poll at that Election, by Refo/ved, That this House will, upon . themselves, their Agents, Friends, and Managers, and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted: Charge of the said George Gipps and Sir John Honywood, to His Majesty. did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, Ordered, That the Bill to enable Persons professing and engage, to give, present, and allow, to the Elec- the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in tors of the said City, and to several Persons who had the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, be Voice or Vote in such first-mentioned Election for the read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next, said City, Moneys Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, and the said George Gipps and Sir ' And then the House, haying continued to fit till . John Honywood did give, present, and allow, and did after Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning,

promise, agree, and engage, to give, present, and ah adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the

low, to the Electors of the said City, and to several Clock.

Vol. 52. 7 S Uni,

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill to enable Catholics to serve as Officers, deferred,

6i8

4 70 — 30° Man. 1797.

Sabbati, 270 Mail \

Anno 370 Georgii III"' Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Lords rp H E House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendment the Amendments made by the Lords to the

doOnTjBiH," Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the agreed to, Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. 18. Leave out the Whole of the Inter- *

lineation; and inlert " and after " the Determination of the Seven Years, the Owner or " Owners, Lefiee or Leiices, of " the Tithes, shall receive such " Tithes for the Allotments,. " or such Payments in lieu " thereof, as by Law and of " Right ought to be paid for " the fame."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords.; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next, Ten of the Clock

Martisy 30° die Maii;

Anno 370 Georgii III. " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Reading f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Writ. \J rant tQ the deck of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of,

in the County of Berks, in.. the room of Rickard Ald-worth Neville, Esquire, now Baron Braybrooke, called up to the House of Peers.

Leominster Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to 'e°a<ted > wh°m the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

eP°‘ a several Acts of Parliament, for amending, and keeping

in Repair, several. Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leom in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

ficifch s and An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act R'li romfor naturalizing Frederick Hutch, and John Jacob Made, ST was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His York Debtor Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the petition. County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Mar- coined, riage Settlement of Ediuard Buckley, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stan- , ley, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from" the Committee, to whom Harrow the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors reported. of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter of Gub-bins, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; .

Pr. 7. 1. 37. Leave out " the said."

Pr. 11. I.34. Leave out " and insert

" North.'''

1. 39. Leave out " South" and inlert

" North."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Blackbttrne of Lane afire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, al- Bill, reported, tering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near Edcnfield Chapel, in the Town ship of Toltington m Higher End, in the Parish of Bury,the Town ship of Little Bolton, in the Parish of , and

also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth , in the Township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury

Bridge, in the Township of Elton,in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the there-under-ligned Inhabitants, and Owners of Lands, within the Townships of Toltington Higher End and Tottington Lower End, in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amend-


ft

Petition for additional Provision in Pontefr.iftd In cloiuie Bill.

Si: some?

Da fn wood's ¥(ttr<‘ J Bill, recited, and pait'ed.

Petition of Ship Owners, &c. for Relief, reported.

37 Geo. III.

30° Mail.

619

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are ncccllary to be made to the said

Bill; Refolded\ That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee to whom the same was committed.

Decision. of the Court of King's Bench, and as the Law now Hands, the Owners and Masters of Ships are held to be responhble to the Owners of their respective Cargoes, for all Damages which may happen to their Cargoes, that do not arise by the Act of God immediately operating on the Vessel; that from this Interpretation of the Law, the Owners and Masters of Ships are answerable for the Loss or Damage which has happened, or may happen, to the Cargoes of their respective Vessels, by numerous Accidents, which it is impossible for them either to foresee or prevent; and that this Responsibility was totally unknown, both to the Owners and Masters of Ships, and to the Owners of the Cargoes, until the above-mentioned Decision: And the Witness added, That unless the Owners and Masters of Ships are relieved from such Responfibi-

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Townships of 'Tanjhclf and Carlton,

in the Purish of PorJefraely in the West Riding of the County of )'orky was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for dividing and inclosing several Open and intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Pontcfratl\ and Setting forth, That the said Townships of Tanjhelf and lity, the same will operate as a great Grievance to Carlton arc contiguous to the said Township of Ponte- them, be the Means of preventing Persons from en-frady and that the Lord Harezvoody the Owner of the gaging their Property in Shipping, and may be at-Great Tithes of the Lands and Grounds within the tended with serious Inconveniencies to the Commer-said Township of Pomefracly proposed to be inclosed, cial Interests of this Kingdom.

is also Owner of the Great Tithes within the said ' Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Townships of Tanjldf and Carltony and it would be giving Relief to the Owners and Masters of Ships: very advantageous to the Owners of Lands within the And that Mr Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman said 'last-memiuned Townships to have the same exonerated from such d idles, and also the usual Powers of exchanging extended to them: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-

Curtisy Mr. Alderman Combey and Mr. Alderman An-derfony do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Lufhhigton reported from the Com- Bill to amend mittee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and ren- A /orPre-

7 1 j ' venting

der more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session Frauds in the.

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses packing, iic. " and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Sported?

" Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto,"

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer or the Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Ground , within the Township and in the Parish of Pontefract, in the West Tiding of the County of York, unto, which they had directed him to report to the that they do make Provii.on in the said Bill pursuant House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 7th Day of June next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde reported from the

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the

Etlatcs of the late Sir James Dashwood in Trustees, in

Trull, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall thereby in discharging certain Incumbrances therein be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the House.

Money arising from such Sale or Sales in the Purchase of Lllatcs, to be settled to the Lies of the Will of the An ingrotled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gilesand laid Sir James Dashwood., was committed; That the for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Abbey otherwise Holy with Saint Giles Bill,read,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties annexed, in the County of belonging His

concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Rijby Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- and Fornham Saint otherwise Saint

in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord was read the Fir It

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the IIoulo, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a certain Rfccarionand Place called Riccarlon Bridge, in the County of to

a Place called The iocne, and for nuking a Baton ted.

and Harbour at the said Place called in

the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr.- Alderman Lffliu/foa reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, FullarLord Frederick Campbell, See.: And they are whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the themll-lyes and several other Owners and Mailers of Speaker's Chamber.

Ships, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- An ingr offed Bill paving, lighting, watching, Tower Hill rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, clean ting, watering, improving, and in Repair,

to the House; and he real the Report in his Place; the Open Space of Great and for removing

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.fame, was read the Third Time.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title Thomas Frcjl being examined, said, That, by a late be, An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing,

Vo 1.52. watering,

620

3 b0 Mail.

A.

1797.

watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great jesty, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and

Frome Roads and Streets Rill, reported, and re-committed.

‘Tower Hill, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to

Improvement of the Harbpur of , in the County of Kent, and for cleansing, amending, and " preferring, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same " County," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign jesty, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and

of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of , and for

paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

<t r\

Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same ounty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Lord CM-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates in the County of Chester, of rej«.md,jr.t

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Right honourable George fames Earl Cholmondeley

Bill for inclosing Waste Lands by Agreement, reported, and a ;iin re-coin-mitteiL

conlldered.'

reported.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the"Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may (land

as Devilee for Life, under the Will of the Honourable General James Cholnionde/ey,deceasctl, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the

in the Way of such Agreement, was re-committed, the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in ccr-

Committee 01 Bounties to A..liters and Surreons ot

And the House being informed that some further tain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships employ- i:i'e in;p '

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

cd in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coall of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The House,

in the Parish of Stoke in the County of nelKoad *

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- Buckinghamand the Town of and from

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House, ' <

report to the House; and he read the Report in his was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

R.trr.fgnte H.irbi»ur Bill,

pnned.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 7th Day of June next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Cojnmittee, he printed, as Hull be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for amending an Act, passed in the

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Norfolk the 2d Day of this Instant May, for reading a Second £f f > Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for holding the Lent e Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the of

Norwich, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- upon Thursday, the 29 th Day of June next;

Ordered,

Googh

37 Geo. III.

30° Mali.

6 21

AssessedTaxes Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third sent grievously burthened Condition manifefls that this

Duty Bill, passed,

Petition from Bolton relating to Public AifaLrs.

Protection has not been afforded — where, but in the House itself, can the Petitioners look for that Defect or Derangement of Organization of which they have spoken ? — Where else can they seek the true Cause of it Debt which threatens speedily to crush the Nation under its enormous Weight ? — Or where else can they discover the Source of the dreadful Power of successive

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The fud Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Ministers, by which, without Check, Controul, or Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the even Enquiry into their most glaring Mismanagements, Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of they have improvidently and wickedly squandered the Taxes. Patrimony of an injured People, and mortgaged the

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill. to the very Sw'cat of the Brows of future Generations, in the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Prosecution of War after War, for Qbjects of politi-

cal Folly, of corrupt Ambition, or of a criminal Lust A Petition of the thcrcunder-signed Freeholders of unconstitutional Powrer? In a Petition, presented and Householders, assessed to the Payment of Taxes to the House, on the 6th Day of 1793, the Peti-" within the Town of Bcfion, and the Vicinity thereof, tioners find Assertions of a Multitude of Facts, all was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, {hewing, that, in the aChial Mode of supplying the That, seeing our Country, notwithstanding the free House with its 358 Members, the sacred reprelenta-Form of its Government, and the Capacities for Gran- tive Principle of our Constitution is contemptuously deur and Happiness by which it has been so eminently set at nought, and daringly trampled under Foot by distinguished, brought to a low and alarming Ebb of Men of Wealth and Influence — Many of those Facts adverse Fortune, the Petitioners would be wanting to demonstrate, that Seats in the House being attached themselves and to their Posterity, if they called not, to real Property, particularly in Burgage Houses, may with the Voice of earned Exhortation, on the House Consequently be bought and sold like any other mar-to interpose its Wisdom and Authority for averting ketable Commodity, to the grievous Wrong and Dif-that Torrent of Calamity which now pours down upon honour of this Nation: And in the said Petition it us with so much Force, threatening both the Pro- is particularly declared, that Three Hundred and Seven perty and the Liberties of the Nation with one com- of the Members of the House are returned, not by the mon Extinction: With Manufactures nearly at astand, collective Voice of those whom they appear to repre-and Agriculture scarcely re-paying its own Expence, sent, but by the immediate Authority of Eighty-four

it will be impossible long to answer the Demands of an increasing Taxation, and if, while the Produce of our own Soil appears to be equal to Home Consumption, and makes but a scanty Return to the Husbandman, the Money of our Country be sent Abroad for the Importation of foreign. Grain, the

Individuals, and the Recommendation of Seventy-four other powerful Persons; so that a decided Majority" of the House — to the utter Subversion of all Principle — has no Dependence whatever upon popular Election; nor holds that political Relation to the People which our Constitution requires as efiential to its oivn

Evils of a Scarcity of Specie must be aggravated: But, Existence, and to the Preservation of our Property

and our Liberties: And, to exhibit the most deadly of the Stabs which our Constitution has received, legal Evidence was even offered at the Bar of the House, to prove that Forty-one Peers of the Realm returned Eighty-one of your honourable Members; and that there were the most reasonable Grounds to suspect the whole Number so returned was no less than One hundred and Fifty: If all these be proveable Fads — if

when the Petitioners turn their Eyes to a National Debt of more than Four hundred Millions of Pounds Sterling, contracted in One Hundred Years, of which

Debt above One hundred Millions are the Fruits of a Four Years War — a W ar of which the Petitioners profess not to know the Object, nor can foresee the End — they must feel the most lerious Apprehensions that general Ruin cannot be far off, unless averted by the Return of durable Peace, followed up by the they be real Truths, we need look no farther for the Exertions of a Wisdom the most profound, and an Source of national Calamities; the very Fountain (Economy the most rigorous: And, indeed, in aCoun- Head of British Security be thus poisoned, we fee no-try where Representation is the vital Principle of its thing, of Public Affairs,

Constitution, and in which not a Shilling can be le- but what is the necessary Effect of a natural Cause; gaily put at the Disposal of Ministers but by the de- and to point elsewhere for Correction before the Maf-libcrate Act of the representative Assembly of the ter Evil be done away were but Folly and Deluffon; Nation, the very Phenomenon, the very Existence, of insuring rather than averting that Ruin with which we a Debt of such ruinous Magnitude is of more Force are threatened: If our Government of King, Lords,

and Commons, to which we cling with such fond Attachment, be thus mangled and deformed — if the Representative, the vital Principle of our Constitution, be thus almost torn up by the Roots, here must begin the Work of substantial Reform, or our Labour will be loll: In this fatal Violation of the Rights of the People, and of the Independence of the Floufe, the Petitioners behold a Cause whose Magnitude and prolific Faculties are fully correlpondent to the Mul- . titude and the Magnitude of the Evils, which, not-

than a thousand Tongues, to proclaim that, in the very Structure of the State it (elf, there must somewhere be a lamentable Defect — that, in some essential Part, its Organization must in the highest Degree be deranged and out of Order: And when the Petitioners contract a Public Treasury, which, from the spirited Agriculture, the immense manufacturing Ability, and the boundless Commerce of this Country, ought ever, without Oppression to the People, to be full to the Brim, and even overflowing, for the Advancement of National Improvements, with our present ex- withstanding the natural Capacities of Great Britain haufted Exchequer and wounded Credit, the E.xif- for Prosperity, have weighed her down to the Earth tence of such a Defect in the State, of such a De- in severe Adversity, and now threaten her very rangement in its Organization, appears to be irrefifti- istence, as a State, with speedy Dissolution — In this bly confirmed: And when the Petitioners know that fatal Violation of our Constitution, the Petitioners at the House, which is peculiarly the People's Part and once discover the whole Secret of unmerited Pensions — Share of our mixed Government, has ever had in its of the Reversion of lucrative Sinecures to unborn Claim-Hands the full Means of fhielding them from Wrongs ants — of the enfive Multiplication of Offices — of of every Kind, and of protecting their Property from the Javilh Expenditure of Public Money — of a Syl-all improper Public Impositions, while yet their pre- tern of devouring Corruption — of the uncontrolled Vol. 52. 7 T Power

fl

I'I

t


622

30° Mali.

A. 1797.

Power of Mi aiders, and of the dreadful Frequency of War, which throws open to them the Flood-gates of Patronage and Influence, and which, in a few Carri-paigns, madly dissipates what the Indudry of an Age is required to accumulate: And, ladly, it is here, also, the Petitioners discover the certain Caul'e of the acto-nishing Phenomenon now before our Eyes, of our Country, pre-eminently blessed with all the natural Meahs of Happiness, linking under her Burthens in Didrefs and Misery, a fad Example to rising Nations of the dreadful Consequences of not perpetually looking with a jealous Eye to the first Encroachments on the Foundations of Freedom, which are the only Foundations of National Prosperity: That the Purie of the whole Nation, indead of being under the right

Situation of our Island, threatened with external Danger of a Magnitude truly tremendous, and requiring for its Safety abundantly more armed Men than its Fields and Manufactures can spare from Indudry, or its exhauded Revenues can afford to maintain as a Professional Soldiery, the Petitioners submit to the House, whether reviving so much of that dormant Statute, as shall arm every Householder assessed to the Payment of Parochial Taxes, be not in every View a salutary Measure, or rather a Measure of irrefutable Ne-ceflity, and that on which it probably depends, whether we arc long to exid as a People, or to become a miserable Province dependent on the proud Republic of France: Whatever Mopes the Directory may entertain of making Impression on our Country by Arms,

ful Guardianship of Representatives fairly chosen by those Hopes can only spring from their knowing the the whole Nation, should be at the Disposal of a unarmed State of the Inhabitancy, and their conclud-House of Parliament, a decided Majority of whose ing that the extreme Decay in the Representative Part Members are said to be appointed by One hundred of our Government mud have destroyed that Sym-and Fifty-four Individuals, and by Means of an un- pathy between the People and their Rulers which is conditutional Power and Influence the House cannot necessary to National Strength: But if the House think confident with any Principle of our Conditution, should, in its Wisdom, take the necessary Measures, of jud Government, or of right Reason: That a Reve- for having it shortly announced at , that English-nue of more than Twenty Millions Sterling a Year men had an Conditution, ,'n its Purity, to

should be extracted from the Indudry of the People, fight7 for; — that a Vote, for electing Representatives, and voted away by any other than a genuine Repre- on an equitable Plan, was secured to every taxed

fentative of that People, no Example can fanction, no Precedent, no Argument, can justify — The Condemnation of such a System mud now be impressed on every Mind, and felt in every Heart: It is written in the Tears of the Wretched, and in the Blood of the Slain — We hope — we trud in the Virtue of the House, it will not be inscribed on the Tomb of our Country: And in the Defect of our National Bepre-fentation in the House, the Petitioners presume it mud also originate, that even in the Cale of Self Preservation, that fird and stronged Principle of ail animated Nature, and that to which Nature's Law gives and every where spreading Depopulation and Poverty:

on an

Householder, and a Musket made Part of the Furniture of his Habitation, the Petitioners believe that humiliating Em baffles might be dilpenfed with; and that this Intelligence would do more towards securing an early, an honourable, and a lading Peace, than voting to Miniders all the remaining Millions of our Country; or devoting, to the farther Prosecution of the War, Thrice as many Human Beings as in the Low Countries and in Germany,in and the iVeJlIndies, have already fallen its miserable Vic-

tims; filling all Europe with Widows and Orphans,

peculiar Simplicity — this Nation, as if devoted to its own Destruction by Self Desertion, as if nothing were valuable in its Eyes but that which was myderious, and obtained at enormous Expence, has utterly departed from her ancient, her Ample, cheap, energetic, and infallible Sydem of Defence — and armed Inhabitancy — to rely almod wholly for her Preservation on a Navy, which, for its Means of Utility, mud depend upon the uncertain Elements, and on a professional Soldiery, which is hired from those Classes in Society who, of all others, have the fmalled Intered in the Defence of the State, and the Ilendered Means of underdanding the Value of our Conditution: Here the Petitioners beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to the wife and manly Practice of our Ancef-tors, and to the neglected Law of the Land: The Petitioners refer in particular to the Statute of the 33d of Henry VIII. C. 9, a Statute which a fatal Partiality for Standing Armies has suffered to fall into Dilufe, but which is unrepealed Law to this Day: By this Statute every able Man, without Didinfiion, is required to be continually provided with Arms, for Defence of the Realm against outward Enemies; and even the unprovided Servant is to be supplied, and his Wages abated to pay for the Arms procured him; all Mayors and other Magistrates of the Towns are commanded to make Proclamation of the Act Four

Deprecating, therefore, this horrid Scourge of our Species, alarmed for the Safety of our Island, earnestly fee king that rigid (Economy which can alone retrieve our Adairs, and secure our Property; and above all, anxious for that Reform, without which our Liberties mud perifli, we most earnedly entreat, and most solemnly conjure, the House, to take the Premises into its most serious Consideration, and to afford the Petitioners that Relief and Protection which their Cale so imperiously requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. EJlifou reported from the Committee, to whom Langley's

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An for discharging certain Estates comprized i« the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley, Esquire, from the Vies thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. ElliJ'ondo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Eliate Bill, reported, and paired.

Times a Year in ever}' Market throughout the Kingdom, and the same is required of the Judges in their Circuits, and of the Justices of the Peace in their Sessions: Although, in Consideration of the increased Ex- agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. pence attending the Arms now in Use, in Conlulcration also of the Utility which may attend the Maintenance of a Professional Soldiery in some moderate Proportion, and for other Reasons, the Petitioners do not go so far as to recommend a Revival of the Spirit of this Statute to its full Extent, with an Application of it to modern Arms; yet, in the present perilous

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill toresa-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the deferred. Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And

37 Geo. III.

30° — 31° Mail.

623

following were proposed to be

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itielf into the said Committee;

The Amendments

made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " 'Thursday Morning next" and iniert the Words " this Day Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next" stand Part of the Ques- tion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas / Mr } co

1 eiiers ror the I eas, Mr: 59‘

Tellers for the Noes, f Mr'

I Mr. Jeffery:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ral Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Lords have agreed to

Harroldlnclo sure Bill.

Motion for a Bill to elta-blifti another Bank.

Neg.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of rold, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Moreton Cor-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Com- bet>&c J.?. mons or Waste Lands in the several Parishes of More- c 0 nre 1 ton Corbet, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and

Hodnet, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And alfq,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Knipton Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common inciofure Bill. Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Parish of , in the County of Leicester -, with-

That Leave be g'ven to bring in a Bill for the Efta- out any Amendment: And also,

blishment of another Bank, in case the Bank of Eng- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SouthiH land shall not pay Calli for their Notes on the 24th Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- InelofureBii!.

21.

5° *

Committee on T eatj of Commerce with Ame» rica, deferred.

Stomp Duties Bill, deferred.

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford', without any Amendment: And also,

The' Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands House, to consider of the Treaty of Commerce con- and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton Martel, eluded between His Majesty and the United States of and All Saints, in the County of Dorset; with-

America. ' out any Amendment: And also,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- The Lords

Day of June 1797.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ Sir Pulteney,

1 ellerS f0r the 1 eas' Mr. Fullarton:

Tellers for the Noes, { JJf £o

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ing,

Liverpool Pilots Bill.

Hinton Martel, &c. Inclosure Bill.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attor- Spinster, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the nies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Juf- County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And

have agreed to the Bill,4 intituled, An Pancras Pav-Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such Streets, and other Public Passages, as are, or shall be, made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty,

Bill to enable Catholics to serve as Officers, deferred.

tice in Great Britain

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and

r ,. j - . Blackburn

for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in r j rju. Repair, the Road from Bolton-i/t-the-Moo to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of; without The Lord *

hav« passed

Schedcl's Nat. Bill.

Leominster Roads Bill, polled.

Mercuriiy 310 die

Anno 37® Georgii III'" Regis, 1 79 7 - Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads thereip mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending and keeping in Repair feve-VOL.J2.

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Letvis SchedeT, to which the . Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First D°. Bill read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire reported from the Edenfield and Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widen- ®?j omnritted ing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bill, reported, or from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of -

Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Townfltip of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they

had

v

624

31° Mail.

A.

1797.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read Mr Bravgc reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are additional Pill, with the Amendments, in at the Cjcrk's Table: thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Bristol°Rwdi

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Bill,reponed! and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the His present Majesty, for making and repairing several Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Roads round the City of Bristol, was referred; That the the House. Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had ingrossed. been complied with; and that the Committee had ex-

pve Harbour Bill, reported.

Oxhill Inclc-sure Bill, reported.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for discontinuing the New Harbours of Rye, in Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro

amined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. David Aujl, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Road from the Globe, at Newton, to Mitford Bridge; and from Whitechurch to Tins-bury, and from Pill to the Blue Anchor, at PoriiJJiead, being Part of the Roads comprized in the above-mentioned Act: And he further said, That by a Bill now depending, for extending the Term, and 'enlarging the Powers of the said Act, certain new and more commodious Roads and Communications are intended to be made, whereby the several Pieces of Roads above described will become less useful to the Public than they were; and it is therefore expedient, that the Trustees for executing the said Act should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and repair-u ing several Roads round the City of Brijloland for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of the Blackbirds, on the Staple-ton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the Bit ton and Toghill Common Road, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for discharging the Trustees for the Execution of the said Act from the future Care and Management of the Road from the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Newton Saint Loey

Pb:-

fcn

fa

jfld

cwn

Li,

prietorof One Yard Land, who refused to sign the through the Parish of Englishcombe to Mitford, the Road

Bill, and also the Proprietors of One Yard Land and Seven Eighths of a Yard Land, who are neuter; and that the whole Number of Yard Lands intended to be inclosed is 42; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

from Whitechurch to Timfbury, and the Road from Pill Passage to the Blue Anchor at Portishead, all in the County of Somerset.

A Petition of James Harford, of the City of Bristol, Petition of Merchant, and Henry Bcngough,oi the same City, Gen-

the Amendments were Once read throughout , and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

HamttvSchool An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pa\VedTwith'U or effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of Amendments, the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the

Gloucester; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are respectively seised and possessed of and in certain Messuages, Farms, and Lands, lying within the said Parish, and are entitled to the Right of depasturing Cattle, without Limitation of Number, in and upon the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, proposed to be inclosed by the said Bill , and that the Petitioners never consented to the bringing the said Bill into the House, and having, ftnee it was printed, obtained a Copy thereof, they observe several Clauses County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of Gubbins, in inserted therein which they are advised are unusual in

the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the‘ Bill to the Lords-, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth dciire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

9

Inclosure Bills; and that the Petitioners are materially interested in the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, they conceive it will be very injurious to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be hoard, by themselves, or their Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to their respective Rights and Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now {lands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

37 Geo. III.

31 ° Mali.

625

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committedj and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come'to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of June next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report re-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- tiefto

Marshalsea Prison and Surrey Debtor Petitions *

ferred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in and Surgeons certain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships em-A Petition of upwards of Fifty unfortunate poor ployed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of

Debtors, confined in the MPrison: And also, A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol for the County of Surrey;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Belief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Frame Roads and Streets recommitted Biii, reported.

Africa, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Mailer, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship, employed in conveying Slaves from the Coal! of Africa, upon Proof being made, that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred, that shall have

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of been taken on board such Ships, have died} and of ins late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Fifty Pounds to each Mailer, and Twenty-five Pounds His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves, Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of in each Hundred, have died within a certain Period.

Frame ,in the County of Samerfet, and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets within the said Town, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, w'hich they had directed him to report to th(J House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coall of Africa, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Pontcfraft, &c. In closure Bill,presented

Bill for preventing the Forestallingj &c. of Live Cattle, reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, commerce to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded be- withAmeric . Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according tween His Majesty and the United States of to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, be now read.

certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds with- And the said Order being read accordingly} in the Township of PontefraCl, in the West Riding of Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty of Amity, Treaty, kc.

the County of York, and making Conipensation for Commerce, and Navigation, between His Britannick the Great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands Majesty and the United States of America, signed at in the Townships of Fanfhelfand Carleton,within the London, the 19th Day of November 1794 (which was Parish of Pontefrat7, and also for the Vicarial Tithes presented to the House upon the 4th Day of November, of the said Parish: And the same was received} and in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Explanatory " Article, signed at Philadelphia, the 4th of May 1796, the " to be added to the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, andl for " Navigation, between His Majesty and the United

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do make Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill

more effectually preventing the Foreltalling, Regrating, " States of America, signed at London the 19th Novem-

and Engrofling, of Live Cattle, was committed.

Mr. Alderman Combe accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th the fame.

her 1794," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had direct-

Day of June next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the' said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Manning's Note Bill,presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ot to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, y and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the And the said Order being read accordingly }

Stamp Duties to order the Note therein mentioned to OrdeThat it be an Instruction to the said Com- Ldb ftion,. Vol. 52. 7 U mittee.

626

3i° Mail — i Junii.

J.

1797.

Bill for allow ing Discounts on Loan, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill to enable Catholics to serve as Officers, deferred.

mittee, That they do consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act; for " raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of " Annuities."

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this1 House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raill-d by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who lHn.ll have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry, and Supplementary Militia, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Oxhii! indo-Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of in the pl e '

County of Warwick,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augufhts William Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Report which. Report on upon the 24th Day of May la.it, was made from the ftireCuiai Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Mon- Bill,further mouthshire Canal Navigation, and for explaining and conl‘dered amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Tabic, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Saturday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for adjourning the General Assembly if a sufficient Number of Proprietors are not present.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

s6 I

1

<c-r«

ftrti

Jovisy 1® d Junii;

Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Pratters.

TMenfield and Bolton Roads Bill, passed.

AN ing

XII

from near

N ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, alter-and keeping in Repair, the Road from or Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton-in-le-Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near Eden-field Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton-in-le-Moors, and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pitts, in the To.vnship of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburn of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflrc their Concurrence,

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Yeomen of the peuu ;nin County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners lee with rc Bill. Concern a great many thousands of Acres of Land in this Kingdom now walle, and of little or no Use whatever, which may be cultivated to very great Advantage: And therefore praying. That the General Inclosure Bill proposed in the lall Parliament may pals into a Law , and, as such Inclosures, and the Cultivation of the fame, must be attended with great Expence, particularly in the County of Devon, by Reason of the Difficulty, Distance,. and Charges, of obtaining Manure, the Petitioners further pray, That the House will give due Encouragement to the undertaking of the fame, by providing Allotments of Land in lieu of Tithes, or a Corn-Rent, or some other equitable Equivalent, to be fixed according to the present Net Produce of the Soil, which, being once fixed, will ever regulate itself without Alteration, and, by its Rife and Fall, will always, in future, produce an Income equal to the present Times.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords have agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr.

Leedt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stoke Mande-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclotot Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke in the County

r

37 Geo. III.

o cy

I Juan.

62-j

The Lords have passed

Praler'f Estate Bill

County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several

And also,

The Lords have patfed a Bill,-intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell the Superiorities of the Lands holden

Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, together with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vallals of Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of 1nverness, belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant General SimonFraJ'er, of Lovat,now dece.afed, as shall be l'ufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the him, and affecting the said Lands and Estate, and for Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the veiling the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen by the said Lieutenant General Simon Frafer, subject to ing several Roads leading to, through, and from, the

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Bill read.

Bill to repeal Act for making Negroes Real AITetj, . ardcred.

the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " ealy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Planta- the said Town

f IrtMC fln sA ( 1 n H si Si 1 ,-1 .1 T 11

1'own of Frame, in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said down, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the d'own of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, within

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lift of Subic ribers to Loan of £. 18,000,000, ordered.

tions and Colonies in America," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as makes Negroes Real Allots for the Payment of Debts: And that Mr.

Bryan Edivardsand Mr. George Ellis do prepare, and to consider of the Treaty of Commerce concluded be-

bring in, the fame. tween His Majesty and the United States of America,

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List to report to the House; which he read in his Place; of the Names and Sums subscribed to the Loan for and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

prefen ted.

Haddenham, &c. Drainage Bill, reported.

railing the Sum of £. iS,oooo,oooo, for the Service of the Year 1797.

The House being informed, that Mr. Nezv/and, from the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, prelbnted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names and Sums subscribed to the

Loan for raising the Sum of £. 18,000,000, for the

Service of the Year 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Lift be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preibrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

General Adcanereported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Had- ported into this Kingdom in or American Ships,

" denham Lecoel, in the Ille of Ely," and for more on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and are payable on the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Low Grounds lying within the said Level, was com- upon their Importation into this Kingdom in mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- built Ships from any British Island or Plantation in

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; America j but, in case any such Pig Iron, Bar Ifon,

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Pot Alh, and Pearl Alh, Avail be imported in American to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee Ships, then the same Avail be also subject to an act-

(except the Proprietors of 102 Acres, who refused to ditional Duty after the Rate of Ten Pounds

sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of 921 Acres, on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the United States of America, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, to be imported into this Kingdom directly from any of the Territories of the said United States in built Ships, owned,

navigated, and registered, according to Law, or in Ships built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or in Ships taken by any Vessels belonging to the Government or Inhabitants thereof, and condemned there as lawful Prize, and owned by the Subjects of the said States, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners are Subjects of the said States.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Ptch, Tar, Tobacco, Turpentine, Rosin, Pot Alh, Pearl Alh, Mahogany, Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the said States, and all Staves, and unmanufactured Goods and Merchandize, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, being the Growth or Production of the said States, to be im-

who were absent, or could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consists of 6,981 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com-Vol. 52.

Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pot Alh, and Pearl Alh, from any Briti/Ii Colony or Plantation in,

when not accompanied with the Certificate required by

Law;

Frome Road$ and Streets Bill, passed.

Report on

T reaty of Commerce with America.

6 28

o tv

i Jumt.

A 1797.

Law; and that, in case any such Pitch, Tar, Turpen- dom to the Territories of the said States, as shall be tine, Rosin, Mahogany, Marts, Yards, Bowsprits, and allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and unmanufactured Goods as aforesaid (Wood and Staves Merchandize, of the like Denomination, exported to and Tobacco excepted) shall be imported in American any British Colony or Plantation in America.

Ships, then the same shall be also subject to an act- That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ditional Duty, after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum That it is expedient that the like Drawbacks be allow-on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of ed upon the Exportation of Foreign Hemp, or Foreign Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom Iron, exported to any Colony or Plantation in

of any Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Rosin, Mahogany, , or to the Territories of the said States, as

Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and unmanufactured Goods as shall be allowed upon the Exportation of the like Sort aforesaid, from any British Colony or Plantation in of Hemp or Iron to other Foreign Parts.

America; and, if any such unmanufactured Wood and Staves shall be imported in American Ships, then the same shall be also subject to an additional Duty, after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of any unmanufactured Wood and Staves, from any Part of Europe not within His Majesty's Dominions, in British Ships;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be charged after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States, which shall arrive within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to permit the Inhabitants of the

and, in case any Tobacco shall be imported in American said States to carry on Trade and Commerce in American

Ships, then the same shall be also 1'ubjeCl to an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Tobacco so imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this' Committee, That it is expedient to permit Oil made from Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States, to be imported into this Kingdom from the said States in British or American Ships', on Payment of such Duties of Customs as are payable on the like Articles upon their Importation into this Kingdom in built

Ships from Countries not under the Dominion of His Majesty; but, in case any such Oil, Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, shall be imported in American Ships, then the same shall be also subject to an additional Duty after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation into this Kingdom,

of any of the like Articles from Countries not under the Dominion of His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit all other Goods, Wares,

Ships between the Territories of the said States and the British Settlements in India,conformably to the Stipu-

lations contained in the Fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the said States.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Com mi um on Committee of the whole House, to consider further of lltetheTriil the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments of Carnes, ic, which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lejevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move,

and Merchandize, not being prohibited, which shall be that they may have Leave to (it again.

eat Britain from the said States, either Resolved, rl hat this _ House will, upon Wednesday

3 Mff-

imported into Great

in British or American Ships, to be entered and landed, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of

the like Denomination or Description, upon their Im- .

portation into this Kingdom in British-bvWtShips from he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, any other Foreign Country, and where different Duties f'gned by His Majesty; and he prel'cnted the same to the Seamen, are impoledupon the Importation of any such Goods, House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the

Wares and Merchandize, from different Foreign Coun- Members of the House being uncovered); and is as

followeth;

Morning next, resolve itself "into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King'

tries, then upon Payment of the lowed Duties now payable on the Importation in built Ships, of any

such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country now in Amity with His Majesty, but, in case, such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be im-

GEORGE R.

It is with the deepest Concern, His Majesty acquaints the House of Commons, that the Conduit of the Crews ported in American Ships, then the same shall be also of some of His Ships now at The Nore, in persisting in subject to an additional Duty, after the Rate of Ten the most violent and treasonable Aits of Mutiny and Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the Disobedience, notwithstanding the full Extension to ievcral Duties of Customs payable on the Importation them of all the Benefits which had been accepted with into this Kingdom of any of the like Goods, Wares, Gratitude by the rest of His Majesty's Fleet; and, not-or Merchandize, from any of the said States in British withstanding the repeated Offers of His Majesty's gra-Ships. cious Pardon, on their returning to their Duty, have

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, compelled His Majesty to call on all His faithful Sub-That It is expedient, that Goods, Wares, and Mcr- jects to give their utmost Assistance in repressing such chandize, imported from the said States into this King- dangerous and criminal Proceedings. His Majesty has dom, shall, upon the Exportation thereof to any Fo- directed a Copy of the Proclamation which He has reign Country, be entitled to the same Drawbacks issued for this Purpose to belaid before the House; as shall be allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, and He cannot doubt that His Parliament will adopt, Waves, and Merchandize, of the like Denomination, with lleadiness and Decision, every Measure which can when exported to any Foreign Country; and that the tend, at this important Conjuncture, to provide for the like Bounties and Drawbacks be allowed on Goods, Public Security. And His Majesty particularly recom-Wares, and Merchandize, exported from this King- mends it to the Confideiation of Parliament, to make

more

37 Geo. III.

more effectual Provision fur the Prevention and Punishment of all traitorous Attempts to excite Sedition and Mutiny in His Majesty's Naval Service; or to withdraw any Part of His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to Him; and from that Obedience and Discipline which are so important to the Profpcrily and the Safety of the British Empire.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Meflaee be taken into Consideration Tomorrow

o

Morning.

629

Mr. Secretary DunJas prefenled to the House, by Proclamation His Majesty's Command, . foriufpressing

Copy of His Majesty's Proclamation for the Suppression of the Mutinous and Treasonable Proceedings of the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships at The Nore — dated the 31st of May 1797.

And the Title of the said Proclamation was read *

And the said Proclamation was also read.

The said Proclamation is as followeth >

By the Kin a.

A PROCLAMATION,

For the Suppression of the Mutinous and Treasonable Proceedings of the Clews of certain of

Our Ships at The

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS, upon the Representatiort of Our Lords Commissioners of Our Admiralty respecting the Proceedings of the Seamen and Marines on board certain of Our Ships at The Nore, We were pleased to command Our laid Lords Commissioners of Our Admiralty to signify to the said Seamen and Marines Out gracious Intentions, expressed in Our Royal Declaration, under Our Sign Manual, bearing Date at ' James's, the Twenty-seventh Day of May Instant, in the Words following: " Whereas it has been reprefented unto Us, That, notwithstanding the Declarations made in Our Name, and by Our Authority, by " Our Lords Commissioners of Our Admiralty, of Our gracious Intentions to recommend to the Consideration of Parliament, to augment the Wages and Allowances of the Seamen and Marines of Our Fleet, " which Our gracions Intentions and Declarations have since been carried into Effect by an Act of Parliament; and, notwithstanding the Communication made by Our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved " Cousin and Councillor Richard Earl Hozue, Admiral of Our Fleet, ot Our gracious Intentions towards " the Seamen and Marines of Our Fleet, for the Pardon of the Offences by them committed, and Our Royal Proclamation thereupon, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of May Instant; and notwithstanding " the Sentiments of Duty and Gratitude, with which the same were received by the Seamen and Marines " of Our other Squadrons, yet the Crews on board certain of Our Ships at The Nore, have not only since the full Manifestation of all these Our gracious Intentions and Declarations been guilty of clivers Acts of " Mutiny and Disobedience of Orders, but have even proceeded to other Acts of the raoft heinous and trea-

sonable Nature, by firing upon some of Our Ships in order to compel them to submit to their Direction; " have threatened and taken Measures for Hopping the Commerce of the Kingdom passing to and from the Port of London, and have, by Terror of their Force, compelled Two Frigates to desist from executing a " particular Service, which by Our Orders they were directed to perform: We, thinking it right to warn

" all Our Seamen and Marines on board the said Ships, of the heinous Nature of the Offences by them " committed, and of the dangerous Consequences thereof to the Spirit and Discipline of the Navy,

" and to the Welfare of their Country, as well as to their own Safety, do hereby earnestly require and enjoin " all Our said Seamen and Marines, immediately on the Notification of this Our Royal Declaration, to " return to the regular Discharge of their Duty, as has already been done by the Crews of Our other Squadrons and Fleets, Rationed at Porlfmonth and Plymouth, and elsewhere: And whereas We are well assured " that a great Part of the Seamen and Marines on board the said Ships at The Nore, abhor and deteft the " Criminal Proceedings which are still persisted in on board the said Ships, and are defircus to return to their " Duty: Now, We being desirous to extend Our Gracious Intentions of Pardon, to all such Seamen and " Marines so lcrving on board Our said Ships at The Nore who may have returned, or shall return, upon " the Notification of this Our Royal Declaration, to the regular and ordinary Discharge of their Duty, " have authorized, and do hereby authorize and empower Our said Lord Commissioners of Our Admiralty, " or any Three of them, to signify to all such Seamen and Marines, who may have been guilty of any of the " treasonable Acts aforesaid, or of any Mutiny or Disobedience of Orders or Neglect of Duty, and who " have returned, or who shall, upon Notification hereof, on board their respective Ships, return to the " regular and ordinary Discharge of their Duty, Our Royal Intentions to grant to all such Seamen and " Marines Our most Gracious Pardon, and to promise, in Our Name, to all such Seamen and Marines, " who have so returned, or shall so return to the regular and ordinary Discharge of their Duty, Our moll " gracious Pardon accordingly: And We do hereby declare. That all such Seamen and Marines, who shall " have so returned, or shall so return to their Duty, and to whom the said Lords Commissioners of Our " Admiralty, or any Three of them, shall so promise Our Pardon, shall receive the same accordingly, and " shall be discharged and released from all Prosecutions, Imprisonments, and Penalties incurred by reason " of any of the Acts aforesaid, or by reason of any Act of Mutiny or Disobedience of Orders, or any Breach " or Neglect of Duty previously committed by them or any of them; hereby declaring at the same Time, " that all such Seamen and Marines who shall not take the Benefit of this Our gracious Pardon, shall from " henceforth be considered as liable, according to the Nature of their Offences, to such Punishment as the " Articles of War and the Law have provided for the fame." And whereas Our Right Trusty and Right Vol. 52. 7 X Well-

630 i 0 JunA. 1797.

Well-beloved Cousin and Councillor George John Earl Spencer, Our Tiufiy and Well-beloved Charles George Lord Arden of Our Kingdom of Ireland, and William Young, Esquire, Rear Admiral of the White, being Three of the Lords Commissioners of Our Admiralty, did cause Our gracious Intentions expressed in such

- Our Declaration, to be signiiied to the Crews of Our Ships at The A and did require such Crews to

return to their due Obedience accordingly: And whereas it has been represented to Us, that some of the

Crews of Our said Ships have been delirous of returning to their Obedience accordingly, but have been

- prevented from lb doing by Violence; and others of Our Ships, in the attual Discharge of their Duty, have been fired upon, and Attempts have been made to prevent some of Our Ships from proceeding according to the Orders of their Commanders: And whereas such continued Perseverance in rebellious and treasonable Attempts against Our Crown and Dignity, after repeated Admonitions and Offers of Our gracious Pardon, render it necessary fqr Us to call on all Our loving-Subjects to be aiding and assisting in repressing the fame;

We have thought fit, by the Advice cf Our Privy Council, to issue this Our Royal Proclamation, and We do

- hereby strictly enjoin and command all Our Admirals, Generals, Commanders, and Officers of Our Forces

by Sea and Land, and all Magistrates whatsoever, and all others Our loving Subjects, that they in their several Stations do use their utmost Endeavours, according to Law, to supprels all such mutinous and treasonable Proceedings, and to use all lawful Means to bring the Persons concerned therein, their Aiders and Abettors, to Justice: And YVe.do hereby strictly enjoin and command all Our loving Subjects whatsoever

not to give any Aid, Comfort, Assistance, or Encouragement whatsoever to any Person or Persons concerned in "any such mutinous and treasonable Proceedings, as they wall answer the same at their Peril; and also, to the utmost of their Power and according to Law, to prevent all other Persons from giving any such Aid, Assistance, Comfort, or Encouragement. — Given at Our Court at St. James's the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand l'even hundred and ninety-seven, and in the Thirty-seventh Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the KING.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Report Ways and Means.

Additional Annuity to the Contributors to Loan of £. 18,000,000.

Scotch Distil levies.

Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the liefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which' he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

RcfolvedJ % That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the Loan of Eighteen Millions, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, who shall, within a Time to be limited, produce at the Bank of England the Receipts for the Sums by them reflectively subscribed, or shall be possessed of Capital Stock created on Account of the said Loan of Eighteen Millions, not exceeding the Amount of their original Subscription, shall be entitled to an Annuity of Seven Shillings and Six Pence for every One Hundred Pounds subscribed, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-two Years and Nine Months, and then to ccafe, which said Annuity shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, payable at the 'Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and an Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-four Years and a Quarter, and were,.by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be payable, paid, and transferrable, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the Laid Annuities so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, are payable and tran.'tcrrable at the Bank of England.

Erf ok 'cJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Limits particularly described therein as the Limits to be observed between the Lowlands and Highlands of Scotland, shall be discontinued 3

from the 5th Day of July 1797, and other Provisions be made for the Purpose of narrowing the Limits of the Districts described as the Highlands of Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties granted by several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Cubical Content of Stills used or employed lor the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Crain, Mait, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Walk or Liquor made on, brewed from any Sort of Brit ft Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and on Licences for retailing Aquavits, shall be extended to all such Parts or Places in Scotland as shall not be within the Limits to be provided as the Limits of the Highlands of Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Licence Duties, granted by several Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Content of Stills used for the distil ling of Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the Highlands of Scotland, shall be discontinued as to all such Parts and Places in Scotland as shall not be within the Limits to be provided as the Limits of the Highlands of Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Annual Duty of Four Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Content of every Still which shall have been used or employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the Highlands of Scotland) at any Time on or after the ift Day of December 1796, and which shall continue to be so used and employed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exemption from the Duty on Malt, granted by Two Acts passed in the Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for all Malt used in extracting Spirits within the Highlands ol Scotland) should ccafe and determine.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; The House was moved. That the Resolution which,

upon

Scotch Diiiil-Iciits.

D *

D *

0 *

37 Geo. III.

631

noon the 3d Day of February 1739, was reported from the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising th.e Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And th.e same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted

to His Majesty, the Sum of Six Million Six hundred " thousand Pounds be raised by transferrable Annuities, alter the Kate of Th.ree Pounds Centum per " Annum; and that an additional Capital of Fifteen " Pounds be added to every O ne hundred Pounds advanced, which additional Capital shall conlift of " Ten Pounds given in a Lottery Ticket to each Subscriber, and of Five Pounds in like transferrable Annuities at Three Pounds Centum: The Blanks and Prizes of the Lottery to be attended with like " Annuities, after the Kate of Three Pounds " Centum per Annum, to commence from th.e 5th Day " of January 1760; and that the Sum of Six Million " Six hundred thousand Pounds, together with the . " laid additional Capital of Five Pounds Centum, " amounting to Three hundred and Thirty thousand " Pounds, making, in the Whole, Six Million iNine " hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, do bear an " Interest: after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum

" per Annum,which Interest shall commence from the " 5th Day of July 1759: The said several Annuities " shall be transferrable at the Bank of England, and " charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for " which the Sinking Fund shall be a Collateral Security, and shall be redeemable by Parliament in the

" Whole, or in Part, by Sums not less than Five hundred thousand Pounds at One Time, Six Months " Notice having been first given of such Payment or " Pa3 ,-ments respectively:-That the Lottery shall conlift of Tic kets of the Value of Ten Pounds each, in, " a Proportion not exceeding Eight Blanks to a Prize, " the Blanks to be of the Value of Six Pounds each:

" That every Subscriber shall, on or before the 13th " Day of FebruaryIr.stant, make a Deposit of Fifteen

" Pounds per Cent urn on i'uch Sum as he shall chuse " to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of Six " Million Six hundred thousand Pounds, with the " Cashiers of t!ie Bank of England, as a Security for " his making the future Payments on or before the " Times herein after limited; that is to say;

" 'Fen Pounds per Cent, on or before the 30th of " March next;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 27th of " April next;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 31st of " ISlaynext;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 28th of " June next;

" Fifteen Pounds per Cent, on or before the 27th of " Judy next;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 31st of " August next;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 28th of " September next;

" Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 26th of " October next:

" Which several Sums, so received, shall, by the " said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to " Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted " by this House in this Session of Parliament, and not " otherwise: That any Subscriber, paying in the Whole,

" or any Part, of his Subscription, previous to the Days " appointed for the respective Payments, shall be allowed a Discount after the Rate of Three Pounds " per Centum per Annum, from the Days of such relpec-VOL. 52.

" tive Payments, to the respective Times on which.

" such Payments are directed to be made."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution which, upon the ift Day of March 1759, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth, viz.

" Resolved, That the Subscribers to the Sum of Six

" Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds, which was " to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, pursuant to " the Resolution of this Houfo of the 3d Day of " bruary 1759, be allowed Interest, after the Rate of " £.3. per Centum per Annum, from the 5 th Day of " January 1759 to the 5th Day of July 1759, upon the " laid Sum of £.6,600,000, and also upon the additional Capital of £.5. per Centum, amounting to " £.330,000, making, in the Whole, £.6,930,000;

" and that the Payment of such Interest shall be " charged upon the same Fund as the Annuities mentioned in the said Resolution of the 3d Day of Fe~

" bruary 1759, with the hke Collateral Security."

Then the Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; vi

To leave out from the Word " That" to the End of the Question, and insert the Words " the said Resolution be re-committed," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That every Contributor to the Loan of Eighteen Millions, granted by an Act; of this Session of Parliament, who shall, within a Time to be limited, produce at the Bank of England the Receipts for the Sums by them respectively subscribed, or shall be poiftlfcd of Capital Stock created on Account of the said Loan of Eighteen Millions, not exceeding the Amount of their Original Subscription, shall be entitled to an Annuity of Seven. Shillings and Six Pence for every One hundred Pounds subscribed, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1797, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-two Years and Nine Months, and then to cease; which said Annuity shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety- . nine. Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and an Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-four Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, con-lolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be payable, paid, and transferrable at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities lo consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the Bank of England;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas orc

tellers for the leas,:

Tellers for the Noes, -{ r‘

(Mr. Tierney

| 36-j 35-

being

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution of the Committee read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution.

And

1

o

03 a I —:

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Notice being taken. That George Rose, Esquire, who voted for agreeing \vith the Committee in the First Resolution, was named as a Subscriber to the Loan, in the Lift this Day presented to the House;

Motion for And a Motion being made, and the Question being diuiiowinc proooofed, That the Vote of George , Esquire, be disallowed;

Neg. Mr. Rose was heard in his Place; and declared, that

he had determined not to derive any Advantage to himself from the Benefit proposed to be given to the Subscribers, in consequence of the said Resolution; and he informed the House, that he had parted with his Subscription.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Vote of George Rose, Esquire, be disallowed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Notice being taken, That William Esquire,

who voted in Favour of the said Resolution, was also named in the said Lift;

D®. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Vote of William , Esquire, be

disallowed;

Mr. Hufkijfonwas heard in his Place; and declared, that he had determined not to derive any Advantage to himself from the Benefit proposed to be given to the Subscribers, in consequence of the said Resolution.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put. That the Vote of

William Hufkijfon, Esquire, be disallowed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the Second of the said Resolutions was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Five last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. John

5 Thomas Townfhend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney Ge-

neral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° Junii;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Hiifch's and TV T R- John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Muue's Nat. IV whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-Sld'palfedtCd tu C(L An Act for naturalizing Frederick Heifclt and John Jacob Made, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Tierney be added to the Gentle-

silithn'tonm men are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill intioiure Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several

\° Junii. A. 1.797.

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parish of Shitlington,in the County of „

Mr. Tierney presented to the House, according to shitlington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and BlU'

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Shitlington, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more Haddentan, effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his &c. Drainage late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level,in the Isle of Ely," and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham " Level, in the Isle of Ely" and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Monmouthfdre Monmouth-Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign 1 ' of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 24. To leave out " said" and to leave out " of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Monmouthjliire Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord *

Mr. Leeds: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the Ex- volunteer pences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised for Corps Bill, the Defence and Protection of the House and Ware-houses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as arc mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and disciplining such " Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties,

" Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the " Kingdom, during the present War;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to make a Act for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a free Port; without any Amendment: And Trinidad, also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BiH for taking Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of &c.

Great

ie

-i

37 Geo. III. JuniL < 33

Great Britain, for a limited Time; without any Amendment; And all'o.

Bill to em- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An body the Act to-enable His Majesty to draw out and embody

EM the Militia Forces of the 'Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch Militia Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to kill,ordered, j ifg and embody a Militia Force, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Anstruther, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont, from £ «£ the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the and Surgeons Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to or slave ships, the House, pursuant to their Order, presente . An Account t}ie Bounties paid to the Captains and Surgeons of the Ships employed in the Slave Trade, in the Years 1795 and 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the Houfo.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon nesday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may % have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grantee to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,- scotch Diitli-a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty letvBjl1'. on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein par- pr ' ticularly described, and for altering the Limits of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective 1 Districts in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Committee on Bill for allowing Dilcounts on Loan.

Petition of Mr. Champion, See. against Mr. Manning's Note Bill.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Sessiort of Parliament, who thall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received upon

nejdayMorning next.

A Petition of Alexander Champion, Junior, Robert Livie, John Roberts, Henry and William Bell,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to direct the Note therein mentioned to be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will be very injurious to their Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vox.. 5a.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House That the Lords do concur in the Resolutions, communicated to them at a Conference on Monday the First of May last, on the Subject of providing more effectual Means for promulgating the Statutes of this Realm, and have agreed to an Address to be presented to His Majesty thereupon; to which Address the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message which relates to the said Address by MeftTengers of their own.-

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Address be taken into Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said merft Gracious Message be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Melfage:

To express to His Majesty the Concern and Indignation which we mult feel, in common with His Majesty, at the heinous and criminal Condufl of the Crew# of some of His Majesty's Ships, notwithstanding the Offer so repeatedly made to them of His Majesty's most gracious Pardon, and the Proofs of the paternal Regard of His Majesty, and of the Liberality of Parliament, which they have received in common with the rest of His Majesty's Fleet 1

To ashire His Majesty that we are ready and determined to afford to His Majesty our utmost Assistance in repressing such dangerous and criminal Proceedings, and to adopt every Measure which can tend, at this

7 Y Conjuncture,

The Lords have agreed to Resolutions respecting the promulgating of Statutes, with an Address.

King's Message respeeting the Mutiny of the Seamen considered, and Address thereupon.

A.1797-

Bill for Pn-nishment of Attempts to fciluce bea or Land Foreel , ordered.

presented.

committed.

Stnmp Duties Bill, deferred.

Supply, deterred.

634 2° — 3°

Conjuncture, to provide for the Public Security: With this View we shall proceed, without Delay, in pursuance of the Recommendation of His Majesty, to consider of such further Provision as it may be necctlary to make for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of all traitorous Attempts to excite Mutiny in any Part of His Majesty's- Forces, or to withdraw them from their Duty and Allegiance, and from that Obedience and Discipline which are so important to the Prosperity and the Safety of the British Empire:

That we have the fulled Reliance, that all His Majesty's faithful Subjects, from Sentiments of Loyalty and Attachment to His Majesty, and a just Anxiety for their dearest Interests, will be eager to manifest, at so important a Crisis, a full Determination to contribute, on every Occaficft, their utmost Exertions for the Support of legal Authority, the Maintenance of Peace and Order, and the general Protection and Defence of His Majesty's Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to feducc Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience of Orders: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience of Orders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refohcdy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed.

Refohcdy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohcdy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refohcdy That this House will, upon IFednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the ievcral Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, prabtiling in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

Refohcdy That this House will, upon IFeduefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to 1 lis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vica- Advowibm rage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy CroJ'sy with Bill, com-Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salopy belonging toltted to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Rifby and Fornhmn Saint Genovejjey otherwise Sahtf GenovevCy in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, was read a Second Time.

Refchedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobarty Mr. John Bitty See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the BID respect-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act: further 2e cns> " to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Act: for establishing Regulations respectfing Aliens " arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," might be read.

1 o.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the said Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Burton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. The Lords Leeds: luve agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Assessed Act for granting to 1 iis Majesty additional Duties on Taxes Duty the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Prevention and Punishment Attempts to of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegi- pr0l.t ance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience of Orders;

' A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act repealing and taking away " certain Treasons, Felonies, and Cafes of Premunire," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and tnade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the § Amendments,

37 Geo. III.

3° — 5°

63.5

Bill for re-llrainine: In-tevcourse with Ships in Mutiny, or dered.

presented.

committed.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Dill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, b'emiiteContrcidicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more eft'eftually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Serjeant Adair, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually re draining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of H is Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rijo/iw/y That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolveJy That tin's House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housey upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into the

more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the , lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his tiny,reported Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and Ieveral Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for fell Mining Intercourse with Ships in NJu-

Mr. Secretary Dnndas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Scotch Mi litia Bill, presented.

said Committee upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven upon T/uirfday Morning next.

BUI for Pu-

nishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces,

passed.

of the Clock.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Life of the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons forcing in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His AJaiefty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Dilbbcdience of Orders, was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Schedel's Nat. for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel,was read a'Second El.1!>c1om'

a' 7 mitttd.

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Angerjlein,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ieiot

ved, Nomine Contradicente, That the Bill do pals:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Fn fir's Efhfte for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in

Scotland, to left the Superiorities of the Lands holden Blench or in Feu of the Eftute of Lovat, together with

And that the Title be, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishnient ot Attempts to seduce Per fons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to Proprietors of such l.ands to the of Entail of the incite them to-Slutiny or Disobedience. said Estate, and ailo such Parts and Portions of the

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor, of the Exchequer do entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Inverness, belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant

General Simon of Lovat, now deceased, as shall

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,be sufficient for Payment Debts contrafted by

Ten of the Cluck.

Luihe, 5° die; Anno 370 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797. Praters.

Baunds Tn-closure Bill) presented.

"R.Slums Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Dill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and WasheGrounds, in in the County of Northampton: And the same was and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second

iffolrc- °° The House, according to Order, resolved itself into imii.y in- a Committee of the whole House, upon Dill for

course ivitil ps in Mu *

Vol. 52.

him, and attesting the iaid Lands and Estate, and for veiling the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named — by the said Lieutenant General Simon Frafer, iubjeeft to the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail) was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Dill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Arflnither, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, BUI for re-That the ingrossed Bill for more effectually restraining Owning in-Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Vtu

Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for tiny, pa/fed. the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion, be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr. Attorney General)

1 cue.rs for the 1 cas, Mf Bakgf . j

Afr, Sturt was appointed One of the Tellers for the

Noes;

636

Noes; but no other Member remaining in the House to be a Second Teller for the Noes, the Yeas returned into the House; and Mr. Speaker declared the Yeas had it.

So the Question was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual. Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Con-x currence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1797‘

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Fullarton reported from the Committee, to Saltcoauiur

whom the Bill for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through . the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Martis, 6° die Junii;

Anno 37 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

Bill to explain PT HE House was moved. That an Act, made in JL the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hispre-dered. ‘fent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to provide for the

* Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving " therein, and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, andreduc-

ing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to " the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called " land," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said Act: And that Sir John and

Mr. Pybus do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Weston in- Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom re°onedBland Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-recommitted. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of JVefon, in the County of ,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 4.. 11 s. 6 d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at /. 12. 10 s.6d. who were neuter; and also, except one Proprietor of Land assessed at 12 who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 486. 18 s. 4 d.-, and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Soiu«u'«Naf. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soilleux, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom sd«<M'« Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to fcduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Th eLord have agreed to

Bill for restraining In-tcrcoune with Ships in Mutiny, with Amendments.

Bill for Pu-nishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, with Araend-menti.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Pun af-11 An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of ment of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance s»or Uni to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difo- force , agreed bedience. t0‘

And

37 Geo. HI,

6° Junii.

637

And the said Amehdments were read; anci are as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. After " or" leave out " elsewhere,"

and insert " within that Part of " Great Britain called 1. 6. After " England," insert " in such

" Manner and Form as if the " said Offence had been therein " committedAnd also insert Clause (A.)

Provided always, and it is hereby " Declared and Enacted, That

Clause (A.)

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein any Perl'on who shall be tried, mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness and acquitted or convicted of the Prince of His ltoyal Highness the Duke of

any Offence against this Act, York, His ltoyal Highness thf Duke of Clarence, His shall not be liable to be in- Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

dieted, prosecuted, or tried bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of again for the same Offence or Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and Fact as High Treason, or Mil- notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that His prifion of High Treason; and Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, and the Lord that nothing in this Act con- High Ciiancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Chamber-tained shall be construed to lain of His Majesty's Household, and the Earl of Liverpool, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are asfolloweth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks Misprilion of High Treason, in and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the such Manner as if this Act had Manufacture of except for the Purpose of being

" not been made." warehoused for Exportation:

The said Amendments being Ieverally read a Second An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from Time, were, upon the Question Ieverally put thereup- British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Coon, agreed to by the House. ponies and Plantations in the West Indies

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do An Act for dilallowing the Bounty on the Exporta-

extend to prevent any Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason or

carry the Bili to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

X#rd«Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

ments to Bill -

tion to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited Time:

An Act for making the Port of San Jofef, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port:

An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the for'reftjaining Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Expences of Two Regiments of Infantry, to be raised

Intercou rfe with Ships in Mutiny, a- greed to *

An Act for more effectually refraining intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more eff'ectuar Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. 3. Leave out " who shall."

1. 14. Leave out " elsewhere " and " within that Part of Great " tain called England." i. 19. After " E " in such " Manner and Form as if the " laid Offence had been therein " committed."

Pr.

Pr.

3

5-

for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and difeip lining such Corps or Companies of Men as Iha.ll

" voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of " their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present " War."

An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Midd/esex:

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Alle-

london Militia Families BjJI, ordered.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, giance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or agreed to by the House. Disobedience:

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more their Lordships. effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion:

An Act for the better Regulation and Encourage-Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ment of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and provide for the Families of Persons serving in the Mi- into and out of the Port of Liverpool: iitia of the City of London: And that Mr. Alderman An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Curtis, Mr. Alderman Lu/hingtou, and Air. Alderman Act, in the Year of the Reign of

Atiderfou, do prepare, and bring in the

Rmyal Assent

t« &Jls.

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act more effectua to enable the Gentleman " of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of " Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux,

Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of, His Majesty's " said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several" Employment of the Poor therein," and also an Act,

Voi.

passed

638 6° — 7 0 A. 1797.

passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Town-Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and ship Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County

for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering of:

the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain and better effectuating other Regulations relative Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish thereto: of in the County of IV

An Act; for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the and otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common-Public Passages as are, or shall be, made upon a certain able and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, with-Piece of Ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, Spin- in, or belonging to, the Parish of in the

Iter, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of:

County of Middlesex: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Commons or Waste Lands in the several Parishes of Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend More ton Corbet, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and

several Branches of C % nal from and out of their said Hodnet, in the County of Salop:

Navigation: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the through Condover to Dorrington, and also the Road Parish of in the County of Bedford:

branching out of the said Road at a Place called All- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-field Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlow, at Parish of Knipton, in the County of Leicester: a Place called Hongerhill, in the same Parish, all in the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the County of Salop: Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keep- Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Hinton Mar > ing in Repair, the Road from Bolton-in the-Moors, to tel and Guff age All Saints, in the County of Dorset: Blackburn,in the County Palatine of Lancaster: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Estates settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Lands, and Waile Grounds and Places, in the Parish Henry Drake, Baronet, and for applying and laying out of Harrold, in the County of Bedford: the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Estates, to be settled to the same Uses: Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

An Act for vesting several Estates in the County of monable Lands, within the Parish oi-Stoke Mandevillt, Chefer, of the Right honourable George James Earl in the County of Buckingham

Cholmondeley, as Devisee for Life, under the Will of the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Waste Lairds, Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgo-the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for set- mery. tling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County,

in lieu thereof: And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the late Sir Morning, Ten of the Clock.

James Dafiwood in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same,

and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharging __________________________________

certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale

or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the j J° Junii J

Uses of the Will of the said Sir James Dafiwood:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Com- Prayers. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Scut hoe, in the County of Huntingdon: T ORD Viscount reported to the House,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe- 1 That their Address of Friday last (to return His

veral Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Majesty the Thanks of this‘House for His moll Gra-several Manors of Holwell and Woodbridge, and in the cious Message: To express to His Majesty the Concern

Parish of Holwell, in the County of Somerset: and Indignation which the House mull feel, in com-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the mon with His Majesty, at the heinous and criminal

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Conduct of the Crews of some of His Majesty's Ships, other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the fe- notwithstanding the Offer so repeatedly made to them

veral Parishes of Somerton and Compton Dundon, and of His Majesty's moll Gracious Pardon, and the Proofs

certain Open or Commonable Lands, called Southmead of the paternal Regard ol His Majesty, and of the and King's Moor, situate within the several Parishes of Liberality of Parliament, which they have receiver} in

Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingsdon, Northover, and Ilchefer,common with the rest of His Majesty's Fleet: To and the Hamlets or Tithings of Widcombe, Ash, and affine His Majesty, that this House is ready and deter-Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them; mined to afford to His Majesty their utmost Assistance and also, so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of in reprefting such dangerous and criminal Proceedings, uninclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, and to adopt every Measure which can tend, at this as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor Conjuncture, to provide for the Public Security: With of Knoll, in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in this View the House will proceed without Delay, in the County of Somerset: pursuance of the Recommendation of His Majesty, to

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain consider of such further Provision as it may be necessary Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying to make for the more effectual Prevention and Punish-and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stoke ment of all traitorous Attempts to excite Mutiny in Saint Gregory, and fVef Hatch, in the County of So- any Part of His Majesty's Forces, or to withdraw them merfet: from their Duty and Allegiance, and from that Obe-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain dience and Discipline which are so important to the 9 Prosperity

An/Wei'lta

Address.

37 Geo. III.

70 Junii.

639

Leonu after Writ.

Buckley'j Eftafe Bill, reported, and pajfied *

Prosperity and the Safety of the Briii/hEmpire: That Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, this House has the futleft Reliance, that all His Ma- Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and jesty's faithful Subjects, from Sentiments of Loyalty and Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County

Attachment to His Majesty, and a just Anxiety for of Surrey, and Setting forth, That the said Bill goes their dearest Interests, will be eager to manifest, at so to deprive the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the important a Crilis, a full Determination to contribute. Poor thereof in particular, of certain ancient Rights on every Occasion, their utmost Exertions for the Sup- and Immunities granted to them (as they have been port of legal Authority, the Maintenance of Peace and informed) by some or One of the Predecessors of His Order, and the general Protection and Defence of His present Majesty; and that the said Bill seems calcu- Majesty's Kingdoms) had been presented to His Ma- lated to answer the Ends of certain Individuals: And jesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-1'ame very graciously. selves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the fame may be totally rejected or that the Petitioners Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for shall seem meet.

the electing of a Burgels to lerve in this present Par-. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-liament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County ble, until the Report be received from the Committee of Hereford, in the room of John Hunter, Esquire, who, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Pe-

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted titioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think Heudred, in the County of Berks. fit.

O, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act said Petition, for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley, Esquire, and Eli- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Aliens Bill,

zabetk his W ife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance cording to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be Presented affecting the lame, and for other Purposes therein men- limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of

_ . His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " CafesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

tioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk' Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according Bill to explain

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Thirty-Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- tinted.,pre

. /" 1 a 1 . J it A _ A a__________________! J C____ a.1 _ ! I _ - c n

to the fame, without aay Amendment

Adstock Inclosure Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adflock, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 14 Yard Lands, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands in-

tuled, " An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot jto serve in the Militia of this " Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, and to " explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called " land:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the - Bill

tee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more ef-tended to be divided and inclosed, conlifts of 47 Yard fedtual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the and re-

Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Com- Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- committed, mittee to oppole the Bill); and that the Committee tituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to pu-ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re- " nish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or

" Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed; That the Committee had

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

'etitio n of ihibitmts Crrry-

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Croydon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented n i'udofure to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and

VoL.

thereunto,which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Ij!

7° Junii.

A. 1797.

Resolved, That this House will, upcin Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a' Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A r-'ican Mr. Ryder presided to the House according to Or-'v Bill, er a Bill for carrying into Execution the Treaty of

p rented. . ~ o 1111

Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

T Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the!

S Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill jAvuti. for allowing certain Di(counts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

7'ttVay Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from, the "A ‘"cans Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to, report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. i -.ling Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

: That 'so much of an Act, made in the Tw'enty-sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act. to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fishevies carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britishi Dominions " in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited " Time, on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Ten Years from the ift Day of January 1787, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

D . Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twentyseventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, " info and from certain Ports a id Places in the " Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made " in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation !‘ of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Jllands in " Foreign Ships , and lo much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His " p'vfciit Ma'ielly's lleign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion

" of His Majesty in the tVefl Indies, from any Foreign " Colony or Plantation in the IVefl Indies or South " America; and so much of the said Act, made in the

" Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and " Turpentine, into Nova Scotia or New from

"any Country belonging to the United States of " rira," as respects the Port of Saint John's, in the

Island of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the 10th Day of July 1797, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Tiie said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Power, granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Sir William BiJ/iop, George and Argtes

Bishop, to continue and carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, which was continued by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 5th Day of July 1797, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant lo the Resolutions which were this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it W'as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee,to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses " and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of " Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;'

And tho House being -informed that several other Amendments are mecellary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refohed, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in Britishi or

' Foreign

Report from Committee cat Expiring Laws.

Bill to amend Aftrespecting the packing, &c. ot Butter, re-committed.

The Lord *

have agreed t#

Levant, &c. Trade Bill,

37 Giio, III.

7° Junii

641

Wutcrbeach Level Drainage Bill.

F:y, &c. Drainage Bill

Wark Inclosure Bill.

Bill resp' l-iivr the Kx-.porfation of Corn, kc. With Amend' menu.

Scttrington inclosure Bill, with Amendments

Petition from York again# the Bill to amend Act respecting the packing, &c. of Batter.

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Ileign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation " of Waterbeach Level,in the County of Cambridge,

" and to establish an Agreement made between the " Lord of the Manor of Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor;" and also, to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds " in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Nor-. " fell:, between MildenhallRiver, South, Plant Load, " and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by " t he River Onfe, and on the East by Load,

" Earfivell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall,

" and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conferyators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the " Limits aforesaid, commonly called Lands,"

so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-recited Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly, or partly, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Carham, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the East

Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of thisHouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, being respectively Butter Factors in the City and Neighbourhood of York, and Dairymen and Farmers in the County of and County of

the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, And render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and " Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating " thereto;" and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, and if certain Clauses in the said former Act (for the Repeal or Alteration of which no Provision is made by the said Bill) should continue unrepealed and unaltered, the Petitioners conceive, that the Provisions of the said Bill and Act would beoppreflive to them, would consider-V OL.52.

ably injure the Sale and Exportation of Butter to the Metropolis, and tend to left'en the Number of Dairy Farms in Yorkshire,which are materially supported by

such Sale and Exportation: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counf'el, or Agent, against such Paris of the said Bill as are of Public Inutility, and prejudicial to their own Interests; and also may be allowed to submit, to the Consideration of the House; such Alterations and Amendments in the said Act as may tend to prevent of remove the Injuries and Inconveniencies complained of by the Petitioners, that the said Bill may not pals into a Law as it now stands, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall feerrl meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement, was again re-committed, be now read-.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order <?f the Dap, for taking into Consideration the Address of the Lords to His Majesty, communicated to this House upon Friday last, be riow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Addrefis into Consideration.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, -;

in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to inform Your Majesty, that we have had under our Consideration the Expediency of a more speedy and general Promulgation of the Statutes; and we have come to the several Resolutions which we now humbly present to Your Majesty: And we entreat Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to give such Directions, for the more speedy and general Promulgation of the Statutes of the Realm, as Your Majesty shall think proper.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words and Commons."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Address to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House, and have filled up the Blank with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the said Message.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by al-

8 A lowing

Bill for iit-closing Waste Land by Agreement, deferred.

Lords Ad&reft considered, and agreed to.

Comm'ttee on Pilchard Fisher Bill *

Scotch Distil ler/ Bill, com mi:rcd.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Stamp ftutiei Bill, deferred.

Supply, de < feired.

Certificates Indemnity Bill, ordered.

Committee on BUi to regulate the Trial of Cautes, &c.

642 70 — 8° — 90 Jumi. A. 1797.

<c lowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cur x‘ ed, and exported."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rafhleigh took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rajhleigh reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, and for altering the Limjts of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for 'railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indi&ments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; z

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j »£ } 2 4-

Tellers for the Noes, f £Jr- J.ff: } rj.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° di Junti \

Anno 37® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John Lloyd of in the County of

Flint, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on tire Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; n

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Se-venty-seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 90 die Junii;

Anno 37® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and-also, the Petition of John Lloyd of "Tyddin, in the County of Flint, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker

to


Consideration

of Flintfeire Ele&ioft Petitions, de-iencdv

Flintshire

Election Pi tit ions coR (idcicd.

t

r

37 Geo. III.

9" Junii.

643

(o go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and rc- House, that on Account of the same Difquaiilication

The Lords have agreed to

Tower Hill Inr>:\n Client JU.

feienfield and Bolton Rauls JBili.

of Sir Thomas the Election ivas void.

Then the Counsel and Agents were directed to withdraw some Way from the Bar.

And the said Petitions W'ere read.

Then the House was moved, That the A Cl of the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Buiinels of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

IVihnot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering,

improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tower Hi;I;

and for removing and preventing Nuisances and An- Reign of His present Majesty, noyances within the lame; without any Amendment:

And alii),

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from, or from near, Edenfeld

Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in posed, That the said Petitioner Mr. and the said

the Parish of Bury,to the Township of Little Bolton, Petitioners the Freeholders, be at Liberty to appear as in the Parish of Bolton-in-le-Moors, and also for mak- separate Parties on distinct Interests;

intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections " or Returns of Members to ierve in Parliament And also the Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the

intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in " Parliament," might be read.

And the same Were read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House of the 20th Day'of February 1781, of the Proceedings of the House on taking into Consideration the Petition of John A eland, Esquire; and

Ruadi Bill.

ing and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or Hear a Place called Booth Pills, in the Township of 'Tottington Losver End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the

Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster;without any Amend- also the Petition, of Robert Thomas

ment: And also, Charles Chinn, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, paying Scotland Lot in respect of Property within the for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads laid Borough, severally complaining of the undue

Fromr Roads

sad Struts, Bill.

therein mentioned leading into the Town of

Jler,in the County of Hereford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, f or repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of

Pro me, in the County of Somerset, and for paving the

Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

Bf;i>'<n-y, Sic. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An t.'.cii.jirBnl. por dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, in the Parishes of and

Scopwith, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Eighteen Members being present.

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners the Freeholders of the County of and who were

entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County, and the Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner John Lloyd of Tyddin,in the County of Esquire, were called in to the Bar; the Sitting Member, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, having, as appeared by his Letter to Mr. Speaker, entered in the Journal on the 27th Day of April,signified his Intention not to de- quainted therewith.

Proved in T? n Flintil.irc Election Petitions.

Election and Return of Benjamin Allen, Esquire, for the said Borough; and also the Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members to 1'er.ve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of the undue Election and Return of th6 Honourable Anne Poulett for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House of the 3d Day of April 1781, of the Proceedings of the House on taking into Consideration the Petition of John Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of George Darby, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Reverend John Julian, Clerk, John Crtfman, George,

Thomas Woolcombe, and Thomas Squire, Gentlemen, all

legal Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Frederick Leman Rodgers, Baronet, and the said George Darby, Esquire, fir the said Borough, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That the said Petitioner Mr. Lloyd, and the said Petitioners the Freeholders, be at Liberty to appear as separate Parties oft distinct Interests;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents were called in, and ac»

lend his Return to serve in Parliament for the County of Flint.

Then the Door of the House was locked.

And the Counsel for the said several Petitioners reflectively acquainted the House, that they appeared on distinct Interests: The Counsel for Mr. Lloyd informing the House that their Petition Hated, that the Return of Sir Thomas Mojlyn was irregular, for that

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glalies, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir William Milner, Baronet, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excule for

he was incapable of being elected on Account of his being undet Age at the Time of the Election; and that not ierving on the said Committee, That he was fub- Mr. Lloyd having in the next Place thegreateft Num- pocned to attend as a Witness at a Trial ot a Caule at her of Votes, he ought to have been returned, and be Guildhall Tomorrow Morningand the Substance of declared duly elected. what was so alledged by him being taken down by the

And the Counsel for the Freeholders stated to the Clerk, and Sir /Filliam Milner having verified the same Vol. 52. upqtl

644 9 0 Jnnii. 1797.

upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused fromferving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Fourteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); One against whole Election Petitions were depending; and Thirty-nine on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the said Petitioners were called upon by Mr. Speaker to nominate One of the Members, then present, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having respectively informed the House that they could not agree in such Nomination;

Lifts of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

LordsAmer.d- The House proceeded to take into Consideration respcainutile Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill,

Exportation intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed

of Corn,&c. jn present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the

s t °' Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. Leave out "Thirtieth" and insert " Sixteenth," and in the same Line leave out " " and in-

fert " June."

And it appearing that upon the Third Reading of the said Bill in this House, on the 7th of April last, an Amendment was proposed to be made in Pr. 1. 1. ult., subsequent to that Part of the Bill which appointed that the same should commence on the 30th of; and the Debate upon such Amendment having been adjourned to the 24th of May, whereby this House was prevented from making any Alteration in the Day appointed for the Commencement of the said Bill; and the Amendments made by the Lords being for the Purpose of given due Notice to the Parties interested, according to the original Intention of this House, when they fixed the Commencement of the Bill to be on the 30th of April;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Stoke Gold- Mr. Bouverie of Northampton reported from the New°ortPa Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually re-nel Roads bEI, pairing the Roads between the House commonly called reported. The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke

in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of , to the said Horseshoe

House, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the several Order for con-Persons, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, who petitioned this tors of Cm-House upon the 25th Day of May last, complaining of tl:rburj'dli' an undue Election and Return for the said City, had urgt ' not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further ltegulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 23th Day of May last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Tueflay, the 13th Day of this Instant June,

be discharged.

An ingrafted Bill for discontinuing the New Harbours Rye Harfxw of Rye, in Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating B>u> Fa d-thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discontinuing the New Harbour of in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for' making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the Bill to the Lords,- and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bouverie of Northampton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the presented. ' Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Great Chiverelland Little in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom Southampton, the Bill to amend Two A«fls, made in the Fourth Year Bni reported, of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fith in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diretfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Fullarton reported from the Committee, to Riccarton and whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a XII?one Cinlial certain Place called Riccarton Bridge, in the County of B ,reporte Ayr, to a Place called The Troone and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troon:, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House,

vrioQ

\ t vagai

--don ji-

:n a

9;

37 Gfio. ID.

90 Juni

64S

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further " Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," was committed, be now received;

Mr. Rajhleigh accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendment which the Committee

-, / ... _ Petition front

the Gold-

Unith's Com-

.1 pany against London

Jstock , Sect

i!:- ft: Bill,

ft;

_1-

to

House, together with a List of the Names of the Per- made in the Thirty-First Year of the Reign of His pre Ions who have assented, dist'ented, or declared themselves ' '

neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered That the said Report do lie upon the Table, had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

to report to the House; and he read the Report in A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the City of London, was pre- Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table Where the fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Ques-ihc Petitioners, with the Eleven other superior Compa- tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House. nics of the City of London, have, for upwards of Two OThat the Bill, with the Amendment, be Centuries past, by the Delegation of the Lord Mayor ingrafted, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the same City,

claimed and enjoyed the Right or Privilege of electing, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Pontefi-aft,

admitting, and allowing One or more Person or Per- Open and intermixed Lands and Grounds within the g jj >°_lure Ions (being free of the City of London) to exercise the Township of in the West Riding of the mitted.

Office or Employ of Master Tackle House Porter or County of York, and making Compensation for the Porters; and that the Master Tackle House Porters, Great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in by virtue of their respective Appointments, and other the Townships of and within the Pa-

Persons, who mull be Freemen, and appointed by the rish of and also for the Vicarial Tithes of

Corporation of the City of London, are exclusively en- the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joint Smyth, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Pilot's Efhte' whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Blll> reported.

titled to the Work and Labour, with the Benefits and Advantages attending the fame, of unihipping, landing, carrying, loading, and housing, and of shipping off and lading, at and from all the Free and Legal Quays and Wharfs, within the Liberties of the same City, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, whatsoever, belonging to the Merchants and Traders thereof, and the Profits and Emoluments, arising from their said Ap- Act for the better enabling the Trustees to fell and pointments, are of very considerable Annual Value to dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot, the Persons appointed Master Tackle House Porters, Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, and no Person who is not a Freeman of London can be Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplove, so appointed; and that all Freemen of the City of Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County London, appointed by the Corporation, claim an exclu- of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had five Right to be employed by the Master Tackle House examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Porters at the several Legal Quays and Wharfs within same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had the Liberties of the said City; and that the Appoint- given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction tnent of Master Tackle House Porters is of great Utility of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone to Trade in general, as tending to promote the Dif- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-patch of Business; and that the Petitioners are informed unto, which they had directed him to report to the a Bill is now depending in the House, for making Wet House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and the Petitioners are advised that the Plan, proposed to be carried into Execution by the said Bill, will, in a great Degree, tend to divert the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London from the present Legal Quays and Wharfs, and remove the same Trade and Business to a new Situation, not within the Liberties or Jurisdiction of the said City, in which Event the Patronage of the Petitioners in the Appointment of Master Tackle House Porters will be considerably injured, if not wholly destroyed, unless Provision be made by the said Bill for extending the Rights and Privileges of the said Master Tackle House Porters to such Quays, Wharfs, and other Places, without the Liberties of the City of London, as shall thereby be appointed for the landing and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as Well as the present Legal Quays and Wharfs within the Liberties of the same City: And therefore graying. That the House will be pleased to take Care of the Interest of the Petitioners in the Premises, in case the said Bill shall be passed into a Law, by inserting a Provision for extending the Rights and Privileges of the Master Tackle House Porters in Manner aforesaid, or in such other Way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr.

Pr.

37-

39-

,1 33-

1» i *

1. 5 *

After " in" insert " the."

Leave out from " the"-to " which" and insert " Money," and leave out " may" and insert " shall." Leave out from " Hereditaments" to " shall," in h 17. and insert " under the Trusts and Powers . ' " aforesaid, or sufficient Parts

" thereof."

I. 18. Leave out " to pay," and insert " in paying."

1. 19. Leave out " defray" and insert ‘‘ defraying."

1. xi. Leave out " thereof."

Pr 41. 1. 17. After "apply" insert " such Surplus or Residue of."

1. 18. Leave out " fame" and insert " said Trull Monies."

After " in" insert . " the," and leave out " herein after" and insert " hereinbefore."

Leave out from " aforesaid" to " shall," in 1. 24.

The said Amendments being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Pr. 43. 1. 19.

Pr. 46. ]. 23.

Pilchard Fiftery Bfll, reported-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Weston In

; whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Vol. 52. 8 B and

committed Bill, reported.

9° Jun

A.

797

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Hertford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One- by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Flintihire The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being

Committee returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend

appointed. the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the Counsel for the Petitioners and himselfj in the Manner directed by the Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of Hispre-sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further u Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Lord John Thy tine, Lord Viscount John

Smyth, Esquire, William Esquire, Alexander

Smollet, Esquire, the Honourable Jsimes , the Honourable Spencer William Stewart Rose,

Esquire, Sir William Lowther. Baronet, the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, Sir George , Baronet, Edmund Wigley, Esquire, the Honourable Richard Ryder.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

\ And the said Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Thirteen Members before-mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents "were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House, That the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Nicholas Vanjit-tart, Esquire, and Richard , Esquire, to serve

on the said Select Committee.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John Lloyd of Tyddyn, in the County of Flint, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Sill to regu- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

kte the trial ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole d«ferr«d!' C House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Certificates Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-'mpreimed. cording to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olvecl, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Houserc- House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. joumtoMon.

day.

Mr. Alderman LuJJdngton presented to the House, ship Owners according to Order, a Bill for giving Relief to the 8,1 >Prelente<i Owners and Mailers of Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and La?yuayf Wharfingers, of certain Quays upon the River 'Thames, again It Lon-in the Port and City of London, known by the Name and Appellation of The Legal Quays, and of certain c' Warehouses situated thereon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation, and Security, of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the said Quays were established and legalized by Acts of Parliament in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth and King Charles the Second, and by virtue of certain Royal Commissions, proceeding under the Sanction and Authority of those Acts: And that the said Quays, and the Warehouses situated thereon, are of great Value to the Petitioners, many of whom depend entirely upon the Rents thereof, or the Biifiness transacted at them, for the Support of themselves and Families, and they mull, in many Instances, be brought to Poverty and Ruin, and in all Instances very severely injured, if the Business which has been carried on there should be removed to any other Place; and that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the necessary Consequence will be, the Removal of the Trade, either wholly, or in a great Degree, from the said Quays and Warehouses of the Petitioners, and the Places where it has heretofore been carried on under the Authority aforesaid, to other Places remote from the said Quays; and that, the Petitioners Ancestors and Predecessors, and they themselves, have, from Time to Time, laid out large Sums of Money upon the said Quays, and in erecting and improving the said Warehouses, in the just and reasonable Expectation that the Trade of the City of London would continue to be carried on as heretofore; and that the Petitioners have at all Times used their utmost Endeavours to render the said Quays and Warehouses commodious to the Merchants of the City of London, and to the Persons appointed to conduct and manage the Affairs of the Revenue within the Port of London; and that the said Property, thus established by Law, has become at divers Times, and is now, the Subject of Family Settlements, and other Securities; and that the Petitioners can only be rendered secure of a Compensation for the Loss of their present legal Rights and Interests, by a full, sufficient, and adequate Fund being set apart for their Indemnity, by proper Provisions in the said Bill: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel,

Agent?, and Witness'es, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that Provision may be made therein for indemnifying the Petitioners, and all other Persons, being Owners of, or interested in, the Legal Quays and Warehouses aforesaid, for all such Lois, Damage, and Injury, as they may sustain from the Operation and Consequences of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witness'es, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

37 Geo. III.

9° Junii.

47

Aliens Bill, committed.

American Treaty Bill, committed *

Bill fur regu-latn.g the Hupping of SLn es, defer red.

Fill for iit-cfoiing Waite lands, by Agreement, again re-com-utted *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- mentioned to be marked or stamped with a proper mittec, That they do admit Couftfel to be heard, at Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the said Petition. 19th Day of this Instant

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a Time to Ordered, That the Bill to raile and embody a Mi- Scotch Vtintia be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of litia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Bri- 1"><lee re‘‘. His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for tain called Scotland, be read a Second Time upon " cflablishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in Tuesday Morning next,

" this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," .

be now read a Second Time. OrThat there be laid before this Houlej an Account of The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Dif *

Refulved, That the Bill be committed. tillery in Scotland, distinguishing the Highland and l«y, ordered *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- Lowland Distillery, and the Duties payable on each, tee of the whole House. 1 from the Commencement of the Reign of His present

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Majesty, to the latest Period to which the same can Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the be made up. whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart presented to the' House, according to- fcxpirW Ordered, That the Bill for carrying into Execution Order, a Bill to revive and continue the Bounties the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, con- granted by an A&, made in the Twenty-sixth Year eluded between His Majesty and the United States of of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging America, be now read a Second Time. the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an Act,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His mittee of the whole House. present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Ex *

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- portation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandises in vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's,

House, upon the said Bill. in the Istand of Antigua-, and also so much of an Act,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William , George Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Bishop, and Argles to carry on the Manufacture ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole of -M Geneva: And the same was received ;.

House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British vessels from the Coast of

Africa.

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing Bill for allow-The Order of the Day being read, for taking into certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen "2 ount further Consideration the Report from the Committee Millions raised by Annuities'by an Act of the pfe-of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, sent Session of Parliament, who shall have completed allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, their Contributions on or before the Days therein men-Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in tioned, be now read the Third Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised by Annuities by

that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein; and for removing any legal Disabilities that may Hand in the Way of such Agreement, was again re-committed;

And the House being informed that leveraJ other an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bil!;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

» Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill so the Lords, and delrre their Concurrence.

Hill for pre-veming the Fore (tall ing, See. of Live Cattle, recommitted.]

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lords

mi havePafl d

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Vaflaii'sDi-Ordered, That the Report which was made from to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey (lately vorc B,u *

the Committee, to whom the Bill for more elfedu- called Sir Godfrey Baronet, with Elizabeth

ally preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and En- his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

grafting, of Live Cattle, was committed, be now taken again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to

into further Consideration. which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

The House proceeded to take the said Report into And also, further Consideration. The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act Sonthcote's

And the House being informed that several other for veiling the Manors and other Hereditaments situ- Estate BU1'

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said ate in the County of Cambridge, deviled by the Will

Bill; of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees for

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to1 a Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be

Committee of the whole House. settled to the Uses deviled by the laid1 Will of the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Bridget Southcote-, to which the Lords desire the Coning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole currence of this House.

House, upon the said Bill. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the Comfflif- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An VaflaJTsDi- Bill!deterred, sioners of the Stamp Duties to Order the Note thermit Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Vaffall rfC&ai *

Vol.

(lately

648

9° — 120

A. 1797.

(lately called Sir Godfrey Baronet, with Eliza-

beth Vaffall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, waa read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ftnted'pre The House being informed that Mr. Irvin?, In-

en fipector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain and the British Colonies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, outPforAe Lift of the Number of Ships or Vessels, their sHve rade. Names, Tonnage, and Number of Men usually employed in navigating the fame, with the Date of their Clearance, that were fitted out from the several Ports of Great Britain for the Slave Trade, in the Years T794, 1795, and 1796; distinguishing each Year, each Port, and each Vessel: And also,

D arrived in A Lift of the Number of Vessels, their Names, the West in- Tonnage, and Number of Men employed in navigat-,e ing the fame, that arrived in the several Ports of the

British West Indies from Africa, in the Year 1795 and 1796, or to the latest Period to which the Account can be made up, with the Dates of their Arrival; together with an Account of the Number of Slaves that were taken on Board such Vessels in Africa, the Number that died from that Period to the Date of the Ships Arrival in the West Indies, and the Number that were landed in each of the West India Islands; distinguishing, agreeably to the Act of Parliament, their Sexes, Sizes, and Ages.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lift of Efta bliftimenti belonging to the East India Company, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door , he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of the several Establishments belonging to the East India Company in the East Indies, and other Parts within the limits of their exclusive Trade, and the Salaries and Allowances payable by the said Company, in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be parufed by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the r»ther Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Means, defer ing nex resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. stamp Duties Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Bill,deferred. doming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

supply, de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-fcirtd. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna-t 12 die Junii;

Anno 37° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Order fbfeon-several Persons, being lawful Electors of the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, who

tion of Elec-

petitioned this House Upon the 26th Day of May last, rsofd<j: ntcr‘ complaining of an undue EleClion and Return for the r" J, said City, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 26th Day of May last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art P«go»'« tfau Act for the better enabling the Trustees to fell and dil- thP/Wdr pose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Bigot, meats. Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplow,

Hodnett, Little Bo/as, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments, to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Bame reported from the Committed to whom p«fer‘»E4it« the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BU1, IX£C|1, for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in " r Scotland to fell the Superiorities of the Lands holden Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, together with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of Inverness, belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant General Simon Frafer, of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him, and affecting the said Lands and Estate, and for veiling the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named by the said Lieutenant General Simon Frafer, subject to the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment.

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bame do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

0

b»

Mai *

Mr. Baldzvin reported from the Committee, to whom st. Giles mi the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Abbey Church, otherwise HolyCrofs, with Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Rifby and Fornham Saint GenoveJJe, otherwise Saint Genoveve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, was committed j That

the

r

37 Geo. III.

I 2° JUMI.

(J49

ie 0->:

ic L'r Sr. 0 .

Fint&ire Election, de-tci'mined.

'the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County; and also, the Petition of John Lloyd, of in the County of Flint, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, is not duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Flint: ,

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Sir Thomas y Baronet, oughtuot to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County of Flint t And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Lloyd, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the > said County of Flint

And also, That the said Select (Committee have determined,

That the said John Lloyd, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Flint c

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the several Persons, whosei Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of Flint, and who were entitled to vote at the late Election for the said County, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of John Lloyd, of , in the County of Flint, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Election and Return of Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, as a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Flint, did appear to the said Select Committee to be vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Election and Return of the said Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, as a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Flint, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be corrupt.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the County of Flint, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Baronet, and inserting the Name of John Lloyd, of Tyddyn, in the County of Flint, Esquire, inllead thereof.

1 , The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, WurcK Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ccrfain greed to, ' Open Fields, CoTnmon Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in tire East

Riding of the County of York.

Vox.. 5«.

TKntfhine Return, to be amended.

U

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 11. Leave out from " extinguished" to the End of the Clause, and inlert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided nevertheless, and be it " further Enacted, That in case " the Lord or Lady of the said " Manor of Settrington, or the " Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any adjoining Manor " or Manors, or any of the " Owners or Proprietors of any " Estate within any of the said " several Manors or Townships, " shall be dissatisfied with the " Determination of the said " Commissioners in relation to cc setting out and fixing the said " Boundaries, and shall be de " firous of having the same enquired into and decided by a Trial at Law, or by Arbitration, and shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, signify to the said Commissioners, or any One of them, or to the Solicitor acting under them in the Business of the said Inclosure, such Desire and Intention within Twenty Days after the said Boundaries shall be set out, ascertained,. and fixed by the said Commissioners, that then, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, to have the same settled and determined by a Trial at Law, upon an Action to be brought by him, her, or them, against any Person or Persons in whose Favour the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made,

" upon a feigned Issue, to be " let tied by the proper Officer " of the Court in which such " Action shall be brought," in case the Parties differ about the fame; and the Defendant " or Defendants in such Action,

" is or are hereby required " appear, accept a Declaration,

" ana. plead to Issue, and the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such " Action shall proceed therein,

14 so as to have the same tried and determined at the First " or at the Second Assizes at farthest, to be holden for the said County of York, ne?t " after the said Decision of the " said Commissioners; or otherwise, or in lieu of such Trial " at Law, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord or Lords; Lady or Ladies, of the iaid Manor of Settrington, and for " the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any such adjoining " Manor or Manors, or other " Person being ib dissatisfied,

8 C " and

tt

u

u

Southcote's Mate Bill, read.

Pilchard

JFiuit-ry Bill, f nTf.d.

12° Junii. A. 1797.

" and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their " Hands, to nominate and ,aP " point Two indifferent Persons, " which Persons so appointed " shall, before they enter upon " or proceed in the Business of " the said Arbitration,chuse and " appoint a Third indifferent " Person, who shall be Arbitra-" tors for settling -and determining such Boundaries, and " the said Arbitrators, or any " Two of them, may and shall, " and they are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath " (which Oath any One of the " said Arbitrators is hereby empowered to administer) and " by other proper and sufficient " Evidence and Satisfaction, to " set out, ascertain, and fix the " said Boundaries, and such De-" termination or Award of the " laid Arbitrators, or any Two " of them, shall be reduced into " Writing, and a Description of " the said Boundaries shall be " therein inserted, and signed " and sealed by the Persons making the lame, and delivered to " the said Commissioners within " the Space of Three Calendar " Months after such Notice shall " be given as aforesaid} which " said Trial at Law, or Determination of the said Arbitrators,

" shall be final and conclusive " to all Parties concerned or interested therein, to all Intents,

" Purposes, and Constructions " whatsoever, but in case no " such Trial at Law, or Reference to Arbitrators shall be " had, proceeded in, and perfefted as aforesaid, that then " the Determination of the said " Commissioners touching the " said Boundaries, shall be binding, final, and conclusive."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard " Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchords taken cured, and exported."

Ordered, That Mr. Rafdeigh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties, of Southampton and Wilts, was read the Third Time: '

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;' viz.

Pr. i. 1. 27. After " Kind" to insert " or

'' c ‘ otherwise called Sea Trouts."

Pr. 2.1. 16.. After, " November" to insert "and the'ta between the

! " Eleventh Day of Novemberand

" the Thirtieth Day of June."

- 1 3 S' After" Kind"' to insert "or any

" Bouges" .

;Pf. j.' l. 13. After "Kind" to insert "or any " Bouges."

# O f

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Kefoived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act- to amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and ' Ordered, That Mr. Amyatt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Southampton, &c. Fishrrits Bill, patted.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyatt do make the Report from Weymouth the Committee to whom the Bill for supplying the water Borough and Town of W 'ey mouth and Melcombe Regis, Bill, reported, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of with

Water, was committed.

Mr. Amyatt accordingly reported from the said Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allega . tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Cambridge for veiling the Manors and other Hereditaments situate whom the Bill for amending, altering, improving, and in the County of Cambridge, deviled by the Will of keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town Bilt, reported. Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, of Cambridge into the old North Road at or near and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge, was thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be set- committed; That the Committee had examined the tied to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Bridget Southcote, was read the First Time. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

Kefoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time. made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then " Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question " Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," was read the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Third Time. . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Rfo.'vcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ingrossed.

6 A Bill

V-

4

A

37 Geo. III.

i2° — 13° Junii.

ShitUnpton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and "£d. ' CorTimon FicFls> Common Meadows, Common Paf-tnres, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of

_ Beds ord, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverieof Northampton, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

651

Stoke Gold-

in2ton and Newport P,i

polled,

Weston Inclo-fury Ktii, pulied.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The Horse-IRaiUsiiui, shoe House,in the Pari 111 of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of in the said County of Buckingham, to the said House,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads between the iloufe commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie of Northampton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of kVefon, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of tVeflcn, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Affze and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the &>yappoir.t«d Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raunds, in the County -Raunds in-of Northampton, be read a Second Time upon this Day closure B,u *

Sevennight.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Commit vc on Bill to amend Act for making Bread.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, de Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole ferred House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And 'then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die Junii j Anno 37 Georgii HT11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Flintihire Recording to Order, amended the Return for the turn»amend d County of Flint.

An ingrolled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common able and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste

Lands, in the Parish of Drayton Parj, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Drayton Par-flow Inclosure Bill passed *

so re oi-hic the Trial o: Cuufcs, Ckc. deferred.

Certificates Indemnity Bill, committed.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

O

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Cauies and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this. Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itlelfinto the said Committee.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vo 1.. O-.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vaflaii's Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Vassall (lately vorce called Sir Godfrey Webfier) Baronet, with Elizabeth commi Va fall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill j and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, pr produce Witnesses.

committed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Chivereii in-monable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes 'clofur? B‘P» of Great Chivereii and Little Chivereii, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-to Mr. Bouverie

of

6 5 2

130 y

si. 1797.

.of DozLhto,!, Mr. Unfit'S this Afternoon, at Fne Chamber.

&c.: And they are to meet

of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Expiri r.r laws H..., comnutred.

Hi ! t<-> rt peal Ac !r nuk-i.ij Kcjrocs J\Cji ilLti,. p.clcnttd.

Petition aipjinrt the Scotch EhlHI-lery Bill.

Shit

Bill,

Owner *

committed.

Air. Bryan Eduards prefjiited to the House, according to Older, a Bill to repeal lb much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " ealy Recover)' of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations " and Colonies in Awerica,"as makes Negroes Ileal Assets for the Payment of Debts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, -That the Bili be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Mornin;

1g next.

A Bill to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Jleign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's, in the ill and of Antigua j

and also lo much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits

Sir William Bishop, George Bishopand Angles Bt/hop, to

carnr on the Manufacture of A Geneva, was

read a Second Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Ekurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Militia

A Petition of the Entered Licensed Corn Distillers, in the Lowlands of Scotland, thereafter named and subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, and for altering the Limits of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Reading of the Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force

Kingdcm

of Great Britain called

in that Part of the Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Tiie laid Bill was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland $ and Setting forth. That the said Biii can in no Shape remedy the great Evils complained of; and that, upon Comparison of the Two Duties, it must be self-evident that the Lowland Market must still be continued in the Poflef-lion of the Highland Smuggler, who cannot, by any, the strictest. Regulations, be restrained: And therefore praying the House, to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Continuance of upon the said Bili. the said Exemption in Favour of the Highland Distrft, and to abolish the fame, by subjecting all Stills, used The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Scotch Eiftil-throughout Scotland for Distillation of British Spirits resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon dc from Corn, to One and the Dune Duty, or to grant the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty such other Relief as to the great Wisdom of the House on Distilleries in the Highlands of , therein par-

tug.

fha.ll seem meet.

ticularly described, and for altering the Limits of the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Reading of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Districts in Scotland -,

Mailers of Ships, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lnjhington, Mr. Henry Thornton, &c.: And they

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Dav being read, for the House Committee

~ , 7 - Dill

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, are to meeAhis Afternoon,"at Five of the Clock, in the upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the Fore-

Re-committed Bill to amend Act for making Bread, reported.

II.

Railing, Rcgrating, and Engrossing, of Live Cattle;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f M/ >

tellers for the leas,-j Alderman

Tellers for the Noes f Sir miliam j

ieuers lor the iNoes, j Mf Brym: ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. . - .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tierney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tierney reported from the Committee, That they afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in had made a Progress in the Bill and that he was di-at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Leave to fit again.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn upon, were agreed to by the House. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be House, to consider further of the said Bill, ingrossed.

Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due " making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Afsize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of Lqiidon and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

on Bill for preventing the Forefhlling, See. of Live Cattle.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be . then ingrossed.

9

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriit

'9"

Mv . *

' .

i.

f.

:C-/-

"c

j

>l -I

'...A

- i

l> V I

37 Geo. III. 14'

Mercurii, I40 //> *

Anno 37 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1797. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's IVa!dsn, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pturner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ertimite of The House being informed that the Estimate of the Allowance to C]iatge of an Allowance to be made to such of the era! with-' Subaltern Officers of His Majesty's Marching Regi-dnwn. ments of Foot, and Corps of Militia, Fencible ln-

King s Wal-

den Inclosure Bill, committed.

y

unit *

65 3

fantry, and Invalids, as shall be present with, or employed on the Duty of, the Corps to which they respectively belong, between the 24th May 1797 and the 25th December following, Which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of May last, was not properly prepared;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Estimate, in order to the presenting a perfect Estimate instead thereof.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Another f.iu-His Majesty's Command, _

Estimate of the Charge of certain Allowances to be subaltern made to the Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, and Quarter £®gjr8'pre" Masters, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from 25th May 1797 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth: viz.

1 X?

f - AC *

ESTIMATE of the Charge of certain Allowances to be made to the Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, and Quarter Mailers, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from the 25th May 1797 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days.

to: ?Jt7

the

For the Charge of an Allowance of One Shilling a Day to each Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, and Quarter Mailer, of His Majesty's Marching Regiments of Foot, Militia, Fencible Infantry, and Invalids, not holding another Commission, from 25th May iygy to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days....

For the Charge of making good to the Lieutenants, Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, and Quarter Masters of His Majesty's Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, Fencible Cavalry, Marching Regiments of Foot, Militia, Fencible Infantry, and Invalids, the Deductions now taken from their Pay on Account of Poundage, Hospital, and Agency, for the same Period ——

Total - -

£ 50,000

> 20,000

70,000

War Office, 14th June 1797.

IV. Windham.

Committee on

Bill to rt£u-Jate the 'i rial Qt causesj See *

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes and Indictments which arile within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read'accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Parker Coke,

(Mr. Samuel Thornton

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j jr‘

Mr. Gtpps:

36.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejleytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

VOL.52.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmo{ and Mr. The Lords Popham: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords-have agreed to the Amendments made by Amendment this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better n

enabling the Trustees to sell and dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot, Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets,

Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Hodnett,

Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Strn, in the County of Salop:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain

Lands, in the Parishes of North and South , in

the said Counties of Hertford and , for a Farm

and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this points to be House, That His Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at

D Half of both

Homes.

AmendmeriU to Harrow School Exchange Bill,

The King ap-

6 5 4

6 o cv

14 — 15

1797-

Half pa ft Three o'Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, respecfling the more speedy and general Promulgation of the Statutes at the Realm, at I lls Palace of Saint James; and that their Lordships have ordered the Lord President and the Lord Viscount Sydney to attend His Majesty therewith, on the Part of the Lords, and desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with tJiem.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. iVfr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, relolved itself into

House appoints Four Members to w.iif on His filujeily.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords, mentioned in the said Message, to wait upon His Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount S/opford, Lord Charles Henry Somerset, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Mr. Ryder, do go with the Lords, mentioned in the said AielJIige, to wait upon His Majesty with the said Address.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

a Committee of the whole House, upo/i the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Commi.'tft CerfiiK are. ImlcKimity

Bill.

Committee rn St-,mr> Duties Bill.'

Committee on Scotch Militia Bill.

Insolvent Debtors Bill, ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties bn Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Fart of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. ARDovca/l took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. M‘Dowa/l reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same

Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee appointed to prepare Eiii-mate 01 Allowances to Mifitiu Odi-ccis.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Wiys vf resolve itself into a Committee of t"

next,

House,

to consider further of Ways and the whole Means for

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

fared.

Supply, <ie lc ;cd.

Jovis, 150

Anno 37° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

A

Petition of the Magistrates For the County of assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County on the 25th Day of 1797, and of the several other acting

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Magistrates within the said County, was presented to

Petition from Chellerapinlt

the Poor Bilk

Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

pence, and Inconvenience, to General, and Mr. Serjeant Adair, do prepare, and bring acting Magistrates of the said

Committee oft Aliens Bill.

in, the fame

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations rcspeding Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refulent therein in certain Cafes."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

4

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it would be attended with great Trouble, Ex-

the Inhabitants and County of Chester:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be palfed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. RandyllBurch reported from the Committee, to Hilkm infio-

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, re‘

the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste p Grounds, within the Manor and Town ship of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Frystone, in the West Riding of

the

9;. 37 Geo. III. 5 655

the County of York, was committed; That the Com- Mr. Fane reported from the Committee to Adltcck in-

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and cloture Bill,

:7 Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, of and within

had been complied with; and that the Committee the Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of mined, had examined the Allegations-of the Bill, and found , was re-committed; That the Committee

: the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had made several other Amendments to the Bill,

- , had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction which they had directed him to report to the House;

of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards act'efled to the Land Tax at i8r. 74. who refused to delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the 7 sign the Bill; and also except One Proprietor of Land Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

assessed to the Land Tax at 5s. j d. who could not be And the House being informed that some further; met with; and that the whole Property interested in Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

' the Inclosure is alleHed to the Land Tax at .41. 12 .; Bill;

: and that no Person appeared before the Committee to That the said Bill be again re-committed.

; oppole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone That the said Bill be again re-committed to

through the Bill, and made several Amendments the Committee to whom the same was committed, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to 1 the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend, and ren-

... ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- der more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first faded! '

ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the . i Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize there-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " of, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

...{. ingrossed. " Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the

. Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of

. ~ Seibvlmdo- Mr. Randyll Burch reported from the Committee, to and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly

tted!11'rC "'hom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bills of Mortality, be now read.

the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor . And the said Order being read accordingly; r ~ anti Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County The said Bill was read the Third Time.

r. of Fork,was committed; That the Committee had Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the be,'An Act to amend, and render more efletflual, an House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his plied with; and that the Committee had examined late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An j. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be " Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate

; true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. " the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons

T Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- " who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far

roittee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread,

Land Tax at £.3. 7 s.who refused to sign the Bill; to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties

and that the whole Property interested in the Inclo- thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, sure is assessed at £.z$z. 12 s.; and that no Person Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the ‘‘ appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill); Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Mr. Hobart reported from the Com salt tee, who were Estimate of v had directed him to report to the House; and he appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of f°

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern OiEcers of CerS,reported, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's the Militia, in Time of Peace; That the Committee Table: Where the Amendments were Once read had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; directed him to report to the House; and he read the and, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, were Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at agreed to by the House. the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be as followeth; viz. ingrossed.

ESTI MATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

'7 ‘D,) )f To 300 Lieutenants who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £. 25 per Annum, respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the C

3 Place of Monthly Exercise - - - - -, 7>S°°

1 To 300 Ensigns who shall have so Terved, an Allowance of £. 20 per Annum respectively - - 6,000

I3»500

Vol. 5a.

Ordered,

L_ .

56

i 50 jfkffiz.

1797.

Ordered That the Table.

said Report do lie upon the

Certificates Indemnity HU), reported-

Mr Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Xnrolment, Admifilon, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-retfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and minions in -Europe', to continue so much of an Act,

had4 made forte further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. < *

Ordered, That tli Report b6 received Tomorrow Morning. v v j

The Order of the Day being redd, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill to4 revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries- carried on- at Newfoundland, n8 Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Do-

Expinry Laws tidl9 deferred.

A Keifs Bill, reported.

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations refpcdling Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident V therein, in certain Cafes," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was

made in the Thirty-thitd' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,-Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's, in the liladd- of Antigua; and al much'of' an Act,

made in the Thirty-third Year of the1 Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir W

Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture

of Maidstone Geneva.', .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Popham: have agreed *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An OxhillJn-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and, Common clolure Fields, and other Commonable Land, and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhitl,in the County of Warwick -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second

Ramsgate Harbour JBilL

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramfgaie, in the County of " and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County," without any Amendriient: And also, ! -

Distib iciy Bill, deterred.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an addi- intituled, "An Act for the Relief-of Debtors with

Bill to amend Debtor and Credituri Ail.

tional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described,. and for altering the Limits of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Bill for regulating the shipping of Steves, deterred.

refj>edt to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath; their Estates " for their Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt, in the Cafes therein mentioned}" with-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- out any Amendment: And also, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Moorliscliin-

Act fordividing and allotting certain Open and Com-The Order of the Day being read, for the House to monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and ments. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable upon the Bill for regulating the dripping and carrying Lands, within the Parish of in the County

Slaves in BrilijfiVessels from the Coast of Africa; of Somerset; with feme Amendments; to which Amend-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, resolve itself into the said Committee. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee on agun re-coin-, milted Blil for inclosing Waite Lanas by Agreement *

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the - Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst: the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may (land in the Way of such Agreement.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Billtoreguke ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole haeu£sna f House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the defeired. Trial of Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do make the Report Fife Roads from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Bill, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for making and repairing the Road from

Newmiln

KWion for B» to amend Ad of last Session re-fretting Game.

Neg.

Stamp Duties Bills reported.

4

37 Geo. III. 150 Junii. 7

cc Nezcmi/u Bridge by Foodies

" dour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to u Craill, and other Hoads, in the County of Fife " and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County, was committed.

Mr. A aft rut her accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled,"An Act for the better " Preservtion of the Game in that Part of Great " tain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better fc-

curing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aft terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time #

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Papers roh-Copy of a Letter from the Chancellor of the Exche- g °0 e quer to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the dered!or Bank of England, dated the 12th June 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors of the Bank of England, dated the 13th June 1797.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called presentd in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy, of the Resolutions of the Court of Directors of the Bank of England, on the 13th June 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

The said Paper is as followeth;

RESOLUTIONS of the Court of Directors of the Bank of on the 13th 1797.

At a Court of Directors at the Bank, on Tuesday, the 13th June 1797.

THE Governor laid before the Court the following LETTER from the Chancellor of the

Exchequer; viz.

m . Downing Street, June 12th 1797.

" Gentlemen,

On a Consideration of the Particulars which you have communicated to me, respecting the State of the Calli and Bullion in the Bank, and the Alteration which has taken place since the Order of the 26th ' February, I feel strongly impressed with an Opinion, that it would not be for the Public Interest, or for that of the Bank, under all Circumstances, that the Bank should re-commence Payments in Calli, at the Period when the Act passed this Session would expire. I therefore think it my Duty to request you to Hate to your Court, that unless I should receive any further Communication from them which might tend to change this Opinion, it is my Intention, on an early Day, to move for Leave to bring in a Bill to prolong the Prohibition now subsisting.

I have the Honour to be,

Gentlemen,

Gov' and DepT Govr Youf obedient humble Servant,

of the Bank." W. Pitt."

Resolved,

That this Court do assent to the Measure proposed in the Chancellor of the Exchequer's Letter, for prolonging the Prohibition, now subsisting, of paying in Specie, which, under the present Circumstances of the Country, appears to the Court expedient to be continued for a limited Time; but it may be adviseable that a Power should be reserved to Ihorten the Time, and enable the Bank to renew its Payments in Cash, in such Manner, and under such Authority, as shall be judged proper.

Resolved,

That the Governor and Deputy Governor do wait' on the Chancellor of the Exchequer this Day, with the above Resolution.

Vol. 52. 8 E

658

15° — 16°Junii.

A.

1797.

il to con-ue Act for 0 tinning, Minute Council, dered.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the " Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of " the Twenty-sixth of Februa, One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cacti by the Bank," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the said Act, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary,

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pr.

Pi.

Pr.

5-

7-

43-

Kind's Consent to St. Giles and Kilby, he. Advowsons Bill.

Anftrrr to Addrei's.

Notice being taken, That ITis Majesty's Interest is concerned in the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Riffy and FornhamSaint Gcn otherwise Ge-

noveve,'in the County of Suffolbelonging to the Right

honourable Thomas Noel Lord; which Bill was,

upon Monday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Master of the Rolls reported to the Ilouf:, That, pursuant to the Oreler of Yesterday, Lord Viscount Stafford, Lord Charles Henry Mr. Ryder,

and hirnfelt, went to wait upon His Majesty at Saint James's, where they found the Lord President and the Lord Viscount Sydney, from the Lords, to present the Address agreed upon by both Houses to His Majesty; and that they presented the fame; and His Majesty was pleased to say, He would give immediate Directions accordingly.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

20.

18.

14.

15‘

27.

32-

tain Open and Commonable Pastures, and forexchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moor linch, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out xt Seven" and insert " Fourteen/'

After " First' insert " or Second."

After " Royalties" insert " or any "Land or Lands," and in the same Line, after " belonging" insert " thereto."

After " such" insert " Lord of Lords."

Leave out " 01" and in the same Line, after " belonging," insert " or appurtenant."

After " made" insert " any Thing " hereinbefore contained to the " contrary thereof notwithstanding:"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson Senior do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-flrips.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Adftodtin.

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and comnluld Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within Bill, reported, the Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of Buckingham, was again re-committed; That the Committee had made fume further Amendments to the Bill, which they had dire dec! him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

St. Giles and An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An An ingrafted Bill for enlarging, deepening, improv- Saltcoats \<w'o'ifons Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of ing, and maintaining, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the '

Bill, patted, the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with Saint Giles County of was read the Third Time, annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His "" ‘ ' r "

Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Rijby and Fornham Saint GenoveJJe, otherwise Saint Gcnoveve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, was read the Third Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Anstrutkerdo carry the Tiill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. .3. 1. 16. After " that" to insert " the Right honourable Lord

Montgo-

mery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr.

Ordered, That Mr. Fullarton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Veneris 160 Junii \

Anno

37

Georgii

1U, U Regis, 1797.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Feiition of thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of the Land Tax acting for Offices executed in Had, the i-andTm,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes were, titica.

Prayers.

I.OTtW \-metfoments to Vtoodvr.,h indiAvre h\\ drived to.

previous to the Year 1787, constantly rated and assesstd to the Land Tax, for their Salaries and the Profits of their Offices, within the District called Offices executed

THE House proceeded to take into Conuderation in Westminster Hall, within the City and Liberty of the Amendments made by the Lords to the; and that the Office of the said Commit-

liul, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting cer- sioners was, in 1787, removed to Somerset Place, within 1 tin

3 7 Geo. III.

,-'0

16

Jnnii.

659

the Duchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Mr. IViiberJcrce presented to the House, according Bolton Percy Middlesex, and since such Removal the Lid Commit- to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lioners have been a til-fled to the Land 'lax, as well or Hinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Mea-'p‘e‘em<: ‘ within the said District, called Offices executed in West- dow Lands, Commons) and Commonable Places, with-minster Hall, as within the District of the Duchy Li- in the Parish of Percy, in the County of the City berty. Doubts having arisen, whether, in respect to the of York: And the same was received; and read the First

' ‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nature of the Duties of their Office, they ought not to be considered as Officers of the Exchequer, and consequently as Officers within and, that

in order to accommodate the Difference between the said Districts, it has been agreed that the Affidlment upon the said Commissioners, and their Officers, shall be made in the said District for Offices executed in Westminster Hall, and that One-third of the Sum affiefl'ed fhn.!l be paid to the Collcdors of the Land Tax for

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Coujlty Wm the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of in

the room of the Right Honourable James Grenville, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted

the said Duchy Liberty in Aid of the Assessment the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three thereon; and that such Agreement did not take place Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

till long after the Time limited by the House for re- in the county of.

ceivir.g Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed: And

Leave given.'

Peti don pre-ieuted.

therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the above mentioned Circumstances, and the extreme Hardship of the Cafe, they may be now permitted to present a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for assessing the said Commissioners and Officers for the said Office, within the Dill rift for Offices executed in

Hall, and to authorize the Payment of One-third of the said. Assessment to the Collector of the Land Tax for the said Duchy Liberty, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Com-nuffioners of the Land Tax, acting for Offices executed in Wefrmirjler Hall.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting for Offices executed in

An ingrossied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors'and other Hereditaments situate in the County of Cambridge, devised by the Will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale,

and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed lo Mr. Randyll Burch, Mr. 'Tierney, he.: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Southcote' Estate Bill, committed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Again re-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting,'and inclosing, the Waste Lands, ingWal 0 Commons, Common Fields, and other Comfnonable by Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by reported!" Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and

Hall, was presented to the House, and read; Containing for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the

" ' Way of such Agreement, was again rc-committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he.read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for assessing the said Commissioners and Officers for the said Office within the District for Offices executed in Westminster Hall, and to authorize the Payment of One-third of the said Assessment to the Collector of the Land Tax for the said Duchy Liberty, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the raid Petition be referred to the Conlklerai ion oftl Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Aliens Bill, Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, to continue, for a Passed-

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-third

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Beverley, See. A Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Drain.-'ge Bill, Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, committ . Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Prccinds, and Tcrri-

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An " Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, An Act,

tories of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grove hill, Sand1-

holme, Storkhill, Molejcrojt, Leckovfield, Air am, Scarbrough, made in the Thirty-Third Year of His present Majesty's

Lockington, Ayke, Bejwick, Hdif holme, Kilnwick, Watton, Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations

Huttou-Cranswick , Rotjea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham,

Fishholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Fofion, FraiJ-

thorp, Burton-Agues, Granjmoor, LiJJ'et, Barmston, Ulram

otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Beejcrd, North Frodingham,

Brandes-Burton, Moor-Towtt, Leven, Emmotland, Hemp-

holme, GoodhillHouse, and Struncheon Hill,all in the East

Hiding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVII- Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts berjorcc, Mr. Hobart, ho.: And they are to meet this of this Kingdom, be now read.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's And the said Order being read accordingly; Chamber. The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vol. 52. An

" yelpeding Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cafes."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third CertificatesTni Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, to indemnify such tlej jity Bill» Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of p:i v *

66o

IG

junii

1797.

Mr. Hobart to tarry St. Giles and Riiby, &c. Advowsons Bill to tive Lords.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloul'e will please to receive the lame.

Orde, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was curetted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refol That this'House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. in2,rolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the to.c°n'

Tr , 1 ft... r tmue A&

lloule, according to Order, a Bui to continue, for a confirming,

Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session c- Mmuteof

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for confirming and rented. '

for a limited Time, the Restriction con-

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring the Act Public.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify l'uch Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Uegiflry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobrrrt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence,

exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Crofswith Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of and Fornham Saint Genovese, otherwise Saint Genov eve, in the County

for prevent i:vfr ll.e Farcii.tVimv, &c. oi Live Cuttle, dc- . fcncd.

of Suffolk, belonging to the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and acquaint their Lordships, that

this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrossing, of Live Cattle, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJclved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

JVM tb repeal A-:t for nuik.-vag Negroes

K< tl A {Veto, ccinnutted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of tire Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georpethe Second, intituled, "An Act for the more "ealy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations " and Colonies in America as makes Negroes Ileal Assets for the Payment of Debts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself intp a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Scotch Mi'Ata Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill, deterred. pic Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon iVednefcIayMorning next.

continuing, for a " tained in the Minute of Council of the Twentysixth of February, One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time,

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Older, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

Mr. Speaker lelt the Chair.

The Lord Haukcsbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hawkejburyreported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repoit, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Y3T.I

committed *

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Committee on American Treaty Bill.

BM ?or rcpi-laUm; the flapping of Slaves, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the dripping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Morning ds‘

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty- .

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting Smr> Duties to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Bl1 derre ' Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of

' r''n justice in Great Britain, be read the Third Time upon

Monday Morning next.

Committee of Ways and Nkftns.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee! Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

37 Geo. III.

661

Lun&, 190 die yuntile

Anno 370 Georgii IIIr,i Regis, 1797 Prayers.

The Lords A Me Alice from the Lords, by Mr. Sprayer and Mr. have agreed to J\ S.

Mr. Speaker:

Bill for niJmv- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act on Laui. Uli for allowing certain DitcountS to the Contributors of Kightcen Millions, raised by Annuities, by an Act of the present Sell ion of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned; without any Amendment;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Order for Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Second R u!- Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-

i p j O m ZD O

ineloiuri-'l if 151011 an Gjion Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, read. and \Valle Grounds, in in the County of North-

ampton, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was mad. ,.and the Question being pro-poled, That the said bill be now read a Second lime; Petition from A Petition of the then imder-'i:ueii imall Proprietors Proprietor ot of Land, and Persons cm:-led to lig ht of Common, in U"!i d‘c Paridi of Ramus, m i he Com.ty of Northampton, was presented to the I; v.'.r. and read; 'Tiling Notice of the said Bill; and Setti: g ! -: rV, I hat the Petitioners beg Leave to reprelent to the 1 h u e, that, under Pretence of improving the Lands in the ia:J Pa;i!h, the Cottagers, and other Persons entits-d to Light of Common on the Lands intended to be in ha. 1, wilt be deprived of an inestimable Privilege, which they now enjoy, of turning a certain Number of their Cows, Calves, and Sheep, on and over the said Lands; a Privilege that enables them not only to maintain themselves and their Families in the Depth of Winter, when they cannot, even for their Money, obtain from the Occupiers of other Lands the smallest Portion of Milk or Whey for such necessary Purpose, but, in Addition to this, they can now supply the Grazier with young or lean Stock at a reasonable Price, to fatten and bring to Market at a more moderate Rate for general Consumption, which they conceive to be the most rational and etleftual Way of establishing Public Plenty and Cheapncfs of Provision; and they further conceive, that a more ruinous Eiieft of this Inclosure will be the almost total Depopulation of their Town, now filled with bold and hardy Husbandmen, from among whom, and the Inhabitants of other open Parillies, the Nation has hitherto derived its greatest Strength and Glory, in the Supply of its Fleets and Armies, and driving them, from Necessity and Want of Employ, in vast Crowds, into manufacturing Towns, where the very Nature of their Employment, over the Loom or the Forge, soon may walle their Strength, and consequently debilitate their Pof-tcrity, and by imperceptible Degrees obliterate that great Principle of Obedience to the Laws of God and their Country, which forms the Character of the simple and artless Villagers, more equally distributed through the Open Countries, and on which so much depends the good Order and Government of the State; Thele are ibme of the Injuries to themselves as Individuals, and of the ill Confecyucnces to the Public, which the Petitioners conceive will follow from this, as they have already done from many Inclosures, but which they did not think they were entitled to lay before the House (the Constitutional Patron and Protector of the Poor) until it unhappily came to their own Lot to be exposed to them through the Bill now pending: And therefore praying the House to take their Petition into serious Consideration, and that the said Bill may not be buffered to proceed to a Second Reading.

Vol. 52

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers FifcRoadsBtfU of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " and repairing the Road from Bridge, by

" Foodie's Mill, Invcrkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy,

" town, and Cameron Bridge, to Cr and other Roads, " in the County of Fife -,"and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. I. 6. To leave out " and insert j

" July" instead thereof. v

1. 15. To leave out "June" and insert i

" July" instead thereof.

Pr. 9. 1. 39. To leave out " June" and insert

" July" instead thereof.

Pr. 19. 1. 16. To leave out "June" and insert " July" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question 1

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do.pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's.

Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing " the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie's " verkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, and Ca-

" meron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads, in the County of Fife-," and for making and repairing other Roads.

in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Anf rutherdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Expiring House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' e *

House, upon the Bill to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fixtji Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fillieries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Do-

minions in Europe-, to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Johns, in the Island of Antigua; and also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William George Bishop, and Argles Bifiop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Bill farther to present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two nvlotion'

" Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the of Fromiilbry.

" Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, further to continue the said Act, as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this SelT.on, pallid for the Purpose ot reviving, amending, and continuing the fame, and also for continuing tucii subsequent Act;

And that Mr. Burden, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Attorney Ge-8 F neral,

662 190 A. 1797.

neral, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring Acts agreed upon by both 1-loufes, do desire the im-in, the fame. mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Croydon In Lord William Ruffe ll reported from the Committee, Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up reportt<k1 > to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, to the Houie of Peers.

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, And being returned;

Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Cray- fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Ma-don,in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to jesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at, the whom the Petition of Richard Davis. and the several House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great

other Persons whose Names "are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of James Trecothick, of Addington Place, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the- Bill, and found the same to be true; and, that the Parties concerned had , given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

the Committee (except the Owners of 230 Acres 2 Roods and 25 Perches of Inclosed Land, and 67 Acres 1 Rood and 31 Perches of Common Field Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of 225 Acres 1 Rood and 34 Perches of Inclosed Land, and 7 Acres 3 Roods and 5 Perches of Common Field Land, who, on being applied to, returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Land consists of 6,316 Acres and 37 Perches of Inclosed Land, and 733 Acres 1 Rood and 39 Perches of Common Field Land, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. Tfrftion of in- A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders,

a ainiU)®4 ' Copyholders, Leaseholders, and Inhabitant Household-im.n ers, of the Parish of Croydon, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Promoters of the Bill, now depending, for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Wastes and other Commonable Lands within the said Parish, have named the Commissioners in the said Bill, without consulting or advising with the Persons interested, at an Open and Public Meeting for that Purpose, as the Petitioners Contend ought to have been the Cafe; and that the Petitioners conceive that, as the Archbishop of Canterbury, as Lord of the Soil of the said Wastes, is entitled to name One of the Commissioners, and has accordingly named James lies, of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, Gentleman, the other Two ought, in common

Justice and Impartiality, to be nominated by the Proprietors of Lands, and the Parish of Croydon at large; and that the Petitioners uniderstand and believe, that the Person claiming to be entitled to the Tithes of such Wastes and other Lands, and some of such Proprietors, wish John Foakes, in the said Bill named, to remain as a Commissioner more particularly appointed by themselves: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be permitted to nominate ‘Thomas Penfold, of Croydon aforesaid, Gentleman, as a Commissioner for the said Parish of Croydon, and that his Name may be inserted in the said Bill instead of the other Commissioner therein named.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

Sr posed, That the said Bill be re-committed;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " for the Purpose of considering the Matter of " the said Petition;''

Ropi Ailent a Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

tomi‘ of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several 9

Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills 5 and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Marquis Cornwallis, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of Eighteen Millions raised, by Annuities, by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, 'passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation, and permits the Importation Duty-free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof:

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons,

" and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their M Estates for their Creditors Benefit," as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt in the Cafes therein mentioned:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of " Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, " the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing. Watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tnver Hill; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy ances wi thin the same:

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation " of Water beach Level, in the County of Cambridge,

" and to establish an Agreement made between the " Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor;" and also to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level:

An Act to amend, anil render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk u and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant " Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the

" West;

37 Geo. III.

190 Junii.

663

" West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter ing to His Majesty, fur the Advowsons of the Churches " Load, Earfwell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mil- of Rifby and FornhamSaint otherwise Saint

" denhall, and fof empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, Genov eve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the

" and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators Right honourable 'Thomas Noel Lord Berwick:

* of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cerBedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within tain Common Moor or Trad of Waste Ground, called " the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefed Work Common, lying wholly or partly within the Barony " Lands," so far as relates to the several Fen Lands or Manor of in the Parish of Car ham, in the

and Low Grounds lying in the First District described County of Northumberland:

in the said Act; and also to amend, and render more An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the mon Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Heath, Com-Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and ren- mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of dering more effectual, the said first-recited Act: and Scopwick, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keep- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certaining in Repair, the Road from, or from near Edenfield Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste

Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in the East the Parish of Bury, to the Towntlup of Little Bolton, in Riding of the County of York: the Parish of BoIton-in-le-Moors, and also for making An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and a Place called Booth Pitts, in the Township of Tottington Ground, within the Parish of , in the County of

Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township Warwick:

of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Palatine of Lancaster: Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Lands, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County

late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His of Somerset:

present Majesty, for repairing and widening several An Act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel:

Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph

Frome, in the County of Somerset, and for paving the leux:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Heifch and John Jacob Maue.

Footways, and lighting the Streets, within the said Town:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, rish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, be re-com of Gubbins, in the CdUnty of Hertford, Esquire, of a mitted, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and to by the House.

South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid:

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell the Superiorities of the Householders, of the Parish of Croydon, in the County Lands holden Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, of Surrey,

Then the Amendment proposed to be made to the Report on Question, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- cMureBilT" closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- to be farther dows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Com- considered, monable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Pa-

And the main Question, so amended, being put, That the said Bill be re-committed, for the Purpose of con-lidering the said Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders, Copyholders, Leaseholders, and Inhabitant

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fLord William Rufe//> letters for the leas, £ General

-p , f , f The Lord Sheffield,

Tellers for the Noes, Rickards:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

} *

}j'.

Instruction to Committee appointed to

together with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of Inverness,belonging to the Honourable

Lieutenant General SimonFrafer, of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him, and affecting the said Lands and Estate, and for veiling the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named by the said Lieutenant General Simon Frafer, subject to the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley, Esquire, who are appointed to consider of the Agreement made _

and Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incum- with Mr. Palmer for the Reform and Improvement of co derrfthe brance affecting the fame, and for other Purposes there- the Poll Office and its Revenue, and to report their in mentioned: Opinion thereupon to the House, That they have Power mer.

An Act for the better enabling the Trustees to fell to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the and dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Office of Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and Pigot, Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Town- that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the ships, Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of House.

Peplozv, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in

the County of Salop: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on

An Act for dil'charging certain Estates comprized to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aftfar in the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley, Esquire, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an confirming, from the Uses thereby limited, and for lettling other Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, wti- *

Estates in lieu thereof: tuled, " An Act for confirming and continuing, for a

An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vi- " limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Mi-carage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with " nute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of February

" One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on

" Payments

Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belong-Vot.

Goo e

19° — 20° Junii.

A. 1797.

" Payments oi Cash by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report Ways and Means.

Additional Duty on Stills 01 the Highlands. °

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the I ioufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Replied) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Pounds and Ten Shillings yvr Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used for distilling Worts, Wadi, or Low Wines, in the Highlands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) except within a District to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland) therein particularly described, and for altering the Limits of the Highlands, as lpe-eified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the D uties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in land, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

the Highlands, as specined in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. RoJ'e reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the Commit- Mr. Mm-fioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein Sjf0tt,

ii it n 1 1 Bill, deterred.

mentioned to be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon' Payment of the Duty in that Behalf, be read a Second Time upon IHednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Biiitoregu-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, late the Trial to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of detect Causes and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fercr s,de~ whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fenec1, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Stamp Duties Bill, pulled.

Parrels Duty B'll, preienl-Avi.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to I lis Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. RoJ'e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Receipts to be given on the Delivery ot Goods to be carried for Hire by common Carriers and others, in certain Cafes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcflved) That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on

ScOtrb J 'ultli-lcry Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, and for altering the Limits of

Martis, 20° Junii;

Anno 370 Georgii III111 Regis, 1797 - Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The House, in the

Parish of Stoke Goldinglon,in the County of

and the Town of Northamptonand from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, " by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, " cured, and exported j" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham " Level, in the Isle of Ely," and for more effectually

draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level $ without any Amendment: And also.

The

The Lords have agreed tf

Stoke Goldington and Newport Pagnel Koad3 Bill.

Pilchard Fishery Bill.

Haddenham, See. Drainage Bill.

a

Southampton, &c. Fisheries Bill.

Report on Losses sustained in supplying the Country with Foreign Grain *

Bill to amend Act confirming, &c. Minute of Council, reported.

t

37 Geo. III. ao° Junii. 5

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Coum ties of Southampton and Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimateof His Majesty's Command, prese d.°rp5'

An Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1797.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Crtarge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, for the

Year 1797.

NUMBERS. CHAR GE.

Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th,) £ s. d.

1796 to 24th December 1797, both inclusive, being 365 > 385 13 800 8 4

Days ——

Ditto of Ten Regiments of Infantry, for the same Period - - 11,388 217,646 3 8

For Recruiting, and Contingent Expences - -... - - - — 75,900 — — >

For the Expences attending the Reduction of several Corps in) the West Indies - - -- -- - - - - -J — 105,290 l5 —

Total ----- --- ">773 £-4">637 l7 —

War Office,

20th June 1797.

Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Committee, who were appointed to investigate the Causes and the Extent of the Losses sustained by Mer-

chants in consequence of their Exertions to supply the Country with Foreign Grain, after the Government had desisted from making Purchases on their own Account; That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, " the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council " of the Twenty-sixth of February, One thousand Seven

Vol 52.

" hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Calli " by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to Bill farther to Order, a Bill further to continue an Act, made in this re caing the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Negotiation suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Note pre-

" Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the rented.

" Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the " Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills " of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called Eas revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing, the lame, and also for continuing such subsequent Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

8 G A Bill

Bolton Percy Iiicloi'urc Bill committed *

Petition from Norfolk against the Bill to amend Act fel'pefting the Packing, Sec.

ot Butter *

Petition from Malton against i)° Bill.

666 20°

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadow Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. IVilb enforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dairy Men and Butter Factors, or Dealers in Butter, in the County of Norfolk, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and the several other Dairy Men and Butter Factors, or Dealers in Butter, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, " Weight, and Sale, of Butter, and to repeal certain " Acts relating the reto}" and Setting forth, That a very considerable Quantity of Butter is made in the said County, and that any Circumstances which might induce the Farmers or Dairy Men to lessen the Number of their Cows would eventually prove extremely prejudicial to the Interests of the Nation at large, as it would, in a very material Degree, tend to reduce the Number of Cattle and Swine reared in the said County, and forwarded from thence to the London and other-Markets; and that the Petitioners are perfectly willing to admit the Necessity of every Man being compelled to deliver every Tub, Firkin, or Half Firj kin, of Butter, of its proper Weight, and that the Quality should be as good as the Nature of Things will admit} but that, although the Butter may be of its full Weight when sent, the Heat of Weather, and Length of Time it is necessarily upon the Road, will frequently occasion a Diminution in the Weight thereof} and that there are certain Times and Seasons of the Year, and other Circumstances, in which it is totally inipoffible so to manufacture Butter that it should reach London in good Condition} and that the Ends of Justice and Equity would be much more fully answered if the Magistrates, acting for each Division, District, or Riding, were to appoint proper Persons to weigh and inspect the Butter previous to its being sent from the Country to the London Market, than by Adoption of the Plan now proposed: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard against the same by themselves or their Counsel.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dairy Men and Farmers in the Neighbourhood of Malton, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read} likewise taking Notice of the said Bill -, and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, and, if certain Clauses in the said former Act (for the Repeal or Alteration of which no Provision is made by the said Bill) should continue unrepealed and unaltered, the Petitioners conceive that the Provisions of the said Bill and Act would be oppressive to themselves, would considerably injure the Sale and Exportation of Butter to the Metropolis, and tend to lessen the Number of Dairy Farms in Yorkshire, which are materially supported by

such Sale and Exportation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as are of Public Inutility, and prejudicial to their own Interests, and also may be allowed to submit to the Consideration of the House such Alterations and Amendments, in the said Act, as may tend to prevent or remove the Injuries and Inconveniencies complained of by the Petitioners} that the said Bill may not pass into

Juniu 797.

a Law as it how Hands } and that the Petitioners may , have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. r

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed} and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Efti- Ertimattof mate of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of bc nnua Great Britain, (or the Year 1797, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the -House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Parcel, Duly Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp 'Lcfr'' Duty on Receipts to be given on the Delivery of Goods to be carried for Hire by common Carriers and others, in certain Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr", tiobart reported from the Committee, who were Report F.t-appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near Pia"i> Lj'v'-expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continued } That the Committee had made a further Enquiryand had come to one other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read} and is as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Part of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass," as was to have Continuance until the 5th Day of July 1797, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, . upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at foundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe } to continue

so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Antiguaand also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir Bishop, George Bishop, and Angles B to carry'on the

Manufacture of MaidjloneGeneva, is committed, That

they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be BJlitocons limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for confirming and con- &c. Minute'of " tinuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction con- Co'?"c,l»

" tained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth pal e ‘

" of

fari!

n

ij ror ] m Nr-1

J'tran

;n B:

1

3? Geo. nr. 20° —:

of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of,

* One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-feve'n, on " Payments of Calli by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Act fo/mak- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tng Negroes upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Real Allots, fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy lte-covery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and " Colonies in America," as makes Negroes Real Afiets for the Payment of Debts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fojier Barham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fojier Barham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

deterred. ' the Report from the Committee of the whole House,

to whom the Bill for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

BiuTreS,-011 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House late the Trial to refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Cautes, &c. consider further of the Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules and Indictments which arise within the Limits of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burdott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burdott reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Burdott accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall V© i.52.

i® Junii 667

be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come so the Voices to Committee to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the shipO'wherT1 Owners and Matters of Ships, is committed. hilt.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into P't' incluffurther Consideration the Report from the Committee b/ of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, Agreement, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, deferred‘ Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement

amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may ftahd in the Way of such Agreement, was again re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for regu-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, flbj ngof upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and car- slaves, de-rying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morh-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Purdue, from Awjdint rf the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he scotch Diitil-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, lery.present-pursuant to their Order, e *

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Distillery in Scotland, distinguishing the Highland and Lowland Distillery, and the Duties payable on each, from the Commencement of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercur 'tiy 210 die Ju

Anno 37° Georgii III. U Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, improv- Cambridge ing and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Brid£eT4T from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road, Bill, paired, at or near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Smith: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to con Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in confirming, the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act &c. Minute

a of Couacii.

Stamp Dutie Bill.

Ccrfificntrs

Indemnity

Bill.

Aliens Bill.

The Lord have passed Teaft's DU vorce Bill.

P ul of Bradford's Elhtcs Bill.

Finney's Effrate Bill.

Trail1 Divorce Bill, read.

Hiliam Inclo-iure Bill, passed.

668 ai° Junii. .1797,

for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, " the Keflricrion contained in the Minute of Council " of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Calli " by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions; without any Amendment: And also, j The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, " or resident therein, in certain Cafes j" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Teaji, Merchant,

with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late Earl of Bradford's Estates in the County of Salop, deviled by the Will of General Harry for the Pur-

pole of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Right honourable 'Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Ul'es and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Chattle-hold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Piuney, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wite, and situate in the County of Somerset, in the said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administra-

tors, and Alligns, discharged from the Lies and Trulls by such Settlement limited and declared of the lame, and for settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattlehold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, situate in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meil'engers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the.Marriage of Teaji, Merchant,

with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of,

in the Parish of Monk Fryftone,in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for securing the Payment of Tithe Rent to the Prebendary' of

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 26. 1. 2. After " excepted " to insert " before " the signing of the Award."

1. 15. To leave out from " such" to " of," in 1. 16, and insert " Yearly Sum " or Sums of Money, to be ifsuing and payable out " instead thereof.

1. 17. After " Orchards" to insert " IfomcHeads."

1. 27. 'I After " respectively' to insert "and & 28. j "to be payable by Two equal " Half Yearly Payments, and at " such Times as the said Commissioners shall order, direct,

" and award."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill w-as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting,'and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hiliam, in the Parish of Monk Fryfcne,in the West Riding of the County of 7‘ork.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- facte closing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby,in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for trying Rights at Law, and to prevent the Commissioners from deciding any Question of Title.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 69. 1. 31. To leave out from " that" to " all," in 1. 35.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put therebpon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby,in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Randy!lBurch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late Earl rwA of Bradfords Estates, in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of General Harry Pnlteney, for the Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Chattlehold ute ' Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Pimtey, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and situate in the County of Somerset,in the said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trusts by such Settlement limited and declared of the fame, and for settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattlehold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater

Value,

1

Petition of Commissioneri of Land Tax, reported.

Adstock Tn-clonirc Bill, pilled.

Vortunouih Debtors Petition.

Bristol Roads bill, reported.

37 Geo. III. 2i°

Value, situate in the County of in lieu there-

of, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting for Offices executed in Hall, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Iioule; and he read the ileport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles EUis being examined, said, That the Com-iniilioners for the Affairs of Taxes were, previous to the Year 1787, constantly rated to the Land Tax, for 'I heir Salaries and the Profits of their Offices, within the District called Offices executed in Westminster within the City and Liberty of Westminster: That the Office of the said Commissioners was, in 1787, removed to Somerset Place, within the Duchy Liberty

in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex;_and since

liich Removal, the said Commissioners have been af-ll fil'd to the Land Tax, as well within the said Dif-tlilt called Offices executed in Hall, as

within the District of the Duchy Liberty, Doubts having arisen, whether, in respect to the Nature of the Duties of their Office, they ought not to be considered as Officers of the Exchequer, and, consequently, as Officers within Westminster Hall:

And the Witness further said. That in order to accommodate the Difference between the said Dif-trifts, it has been agreed to make the Assessment upon the said Commissioners and their Officers in the said District for Offices executed in Westminster Hall, and to pay One-third of the Sum affeifl'ed to the Collectors of the Land Tax, for the said Duchy Liberty in Aid of the Assessment thereon.

Mr. Matthew Chefjall being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, ot and within the Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of r, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol, Portsmouth,was prel'ented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing several " Roads round the City of and for making,

and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the Bitten and

VoL.

Jamt. 669

Tagkill Common lloafi, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they.had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ill his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. MDowall, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, Thai the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and for making further Provision for those Purposes: And that Sir William Scott, the Lord Arden, and Sir Philip Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of fudi Agreement, was again re-committed, be now fead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Home will, upon Friday Morn ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

8 H Ordered,

Scotch Militia Bill, reported and re-committed.

Insolvent Debtors BiiJj presented.

Bill to amend Act relative ~ to Seamen, ordered.

Bill for inclosing Waste Lands by Agreement, deferred *

Supply, deferred.

i -

6 jo

21° Junii.

J. 1797,

Ways and Means, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Marriage of Sir Godfrey FuJJhll (lately called Sir God-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising frey Webster) Baronet, with Elizabeth Vajjall his now

petition of Mr. Buller, &c. against Ship Owners Bill.

fA:wni?tee on Villains Divorce Bill.

Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Ptlrpoles therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain Mr IVig/ey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fcl'umed the Chair.

Mr. fVig/ey reported from the Committee, That they

had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that Counsel also appeared on the Part' of the said Elizabeth Vassall; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Richard Buller, Hieronimus Burtnester,

and Cornelius Bul/er,of the City of London, Merchants

and Partners under the Firm of Richard Buller and Company,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in October and November 1796, the Petitioners, as the Merchants and Correspondents of several Commercial Houses at Liston, shipped sundry

Goods, of the Value of £. 1,825, on board the Ship Allas, John Christmas, Master, consigned to the Persons

at Lisbon for whom the same were shipped; and that, in the latter End of November 1796, the said Ship failed from the Port of London on her Voyage for

Lisbon, and, on the 5th Day of December,ran foul of

another Ship in the British Channel, in consequence of which (he was totally loft with the said Goods on board; and that the Petitioners being advised by their Counsel, that, under the Circumstances attending the made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be Loss of the said Ship, the Owners thereof were liable to reported to the House; and he read the Report in his pay the Value of the said Goods to the Petitioners, Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the for the Benefit of the Persons interested therein, the Pe- Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the titioners, inUi Month ofjV/aylaft.cornrnencedanA&ion Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a against the faic Owners to recover the Value of the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question said Goods, which Aiflim is now pending; and that severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed the Bill now depending in the House, for giving Re- to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from American the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Treaty fiifl, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, report£ ‘ Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

lief to the Owners and Masters of Ships, would, if enacted into a Law, exonerate the Owners and Master of the said Ship Atlas from their Liability to answer to the Petitioners for the Value of the said Goods, and would deprive the Freighters of Ships of the Responfi-bility of the Owners thereof for the Conduct of the Masters and Crews, and for the Insufficiency of the Ships, or the Inability of the Crews, and is in other

then ingrolled.

Bill to repeal Act for nuking Negroes Real Assets,

An ingrafted Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Respects, ar the Petitioners conceive, extremely ob- jesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for

ieftionable, and would very much tend to lessen the " the more ealy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's paiied.

Security of Merchants shipping Goods in British" Plantations and Colonies in America," as makes

Ships, and its Effect injure the Navigation of the Negroes Real A (lets for the Payment of Debts, was

Kingdom; and that the Petitioners arc advised, and read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 3. To leave out from "Whereas" to " in 1. 7, and iniert " it

submit to the House, that, whatever Relief Parliament may think fit to give to Owners of Ships in future Cafes, the same ought not to extend to antecedent Contrasts and Transactions, so as to operate as an ex post fatlo Law; and that the Petitioners, and

their Correspondents at Lisbon, at the Time the Goods above-mentioned were shipped, acted in Confidence of, and relied upon, the Law as it then stood, and they hope the House will not deprive them of the Relief it entitles them to: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that it may be so altered and modified as to be made prospective only, and so that the Owners of Ships may continue respon-fible for the Conduct of the Masters and Crews, and for the Sufficiency of their Ships and the Ability of the Crews, in such Manner as the House shall deem necessary for the Protection of the Freighters thereof, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

" is deemed expedient that the " said recited Act, lo fiir as it relatcs so Negroes, should be repealed," in Head thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tklc be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " ealy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies >in America," as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bryan Edwards do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Proceedings themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, cond Reading of the Bill to authorize the Commis- Note upon their Petition, if they think fit. sioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein ±HJK

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- mentioned to be marked or llamped with a proper mittec. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf; the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-laid Petition. poled. That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the ingrolled

Bunlcdon Bridge Petition, reported

37 Geo. III. 21 — jfimi. £71'

To leave out the Word " now " and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I Mr' mSl4> \ ,

1 ellus for the leas, j

t. „ r . xr f Mr. Alderman

Tcllers for the Noes, Mr: ( 3-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question tirft put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 22° Junii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. George Hairy Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; anti is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Waring, El'quire, being examined, said, That there is no direct Communication between' , Titch-

Jie/d, Wickham, Fareham, Gosport, the Towns of Ports-

month and Portsea, Havant, the City of Chichester, and various other Parts of the Counties of Southampton and Suffix, except by Ferries over It chin and BurjledonRivers: That from the Violence of the Winds and Sea, the Passage over the said Rivers, by the said Ferries, is often dangerous, and frequently totally prevented, by Realbn whereof any Communication between the said Places, by Means of the said Ferries, becomes impracticable, and great Inconvenience, Difficulty, and Loss is thereby occasioned; that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act passed for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Northam,

within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from the West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton, and which Act is now carrying into Execution.

And being further examined, he said, That, from the great Increase of, and still increasing, Population and Trade of the Town of Southampton and its Neighbourhood, and from the Vicinity thereof to, and ex-tenlive Intercourse between, the several Places before mentioned, the building of a Bridge across Burjledon River, from the Land lying in the Parish of Burjledon, in the County of Southampton, at or near the Ferry of Burjledon, in the said County, to the opposite Shore, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Litchfield, in the same County, and the opening and making of Public Roads therefrom, to communicate with the intended Bridge over the said River or.with some

Part of the intended Road from the said intended Bridge

Vol. 52.

to tin said Road leading from the West End to BotleJ aforesaid, and with the Road leading from to

‘Titclfield, in the said County of Southampton, is become . an Undertaking of great Public Necessity, and'will, in a very dfential.Manner, contribute not only to the Advantage, Convenience, and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Southampton and its Neighbourhood, and the several other Places before-mentioned, and all Persons travelling, as well to and from those Places as to and from various other Parts of the Counties of Dor jet, Somerset, Wilts, Hants, and Sussex, but also to the Public in general, by opening a ihort, safe, and commodious Communication between the several Counties and Places aforesaid, and by preventing and avoiding the Delays, Difficulties, and Losses, which have been so frequently experienced from the Want of some other Passage over the said Btirjledon River besides the said Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over Burjledon River, at or near the Ferry or Burjledon, in the County of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to in the said County of Southampton: And that Mr. George Henry Rose, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Amyatt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted BUI from the Lords intituled, An Act V;l,r:illp..P!~ to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey (lately 1 *

calledSir Godfrey Webjler) Baronet, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.'

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Billl to extend Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-. Co Ier tituled, " An Act for the mode effectually preventing Coui, ordered. " the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of the said Act to the Copper Coin of this Realm, of ever}' Denomination: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ex mngLaw upon the Bill to revive and continue the Bounties 1 granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the s

Fisheries carried on at Nezvfcuudland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Do-

minions in Europe', to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Johns, in the Island of Antigua; and also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William George

Bishop, and Arg/es Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

1

fcU further to

continue Act respectin the Negotiation of Promifl'ory Notes, c ra-fhittecL

Scotch Dicti! -lery Bill, de ferret#

AlTcirraent . Bill,piJcfente<£

Mr. Manning's Nhte B:U> deferred.

Order for Committee on

re-committed Bill for preventing the Forestalling, &c. of Live Cattle, read.

Loyal Assent to Bills.

67z 22° JuniL A.

ments thereunto i which they had directed him t6 report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mo roW Morning *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill further to continue an Act, made is this present Sefikin of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of " Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills " of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part " of Great Britain called England" as revived, amended and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing, the fame, and also for continuing such subsequent Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom . the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, and for altering the limit's of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed frr the Thirty-tliir'd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received To-mor-xow Morning.

7

Mr. Main-Faring preferred to the House, according so Order, a Bill for a'flefling the Commissioners of theJ Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Hall,

notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein mentioned to be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf, be Toad a Secorid Time on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That th\e Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrossing, of Live Cattle, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the 'Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Kerr, and the Earl,

named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:

Which Bills, are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, praftifc ing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain :,

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited " Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of " Council of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments " of Cash by the Bank," under certain Regulations and Restrictions:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting. Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or fefident therein, in; certain Cafes

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Inrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard " Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported

An Act to amend Tv.o Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Prefer -vation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " the effectual Draining and Preservation of " ham Level, in the Isle of Ely," and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton; and from the North Bridge of Newport,

in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do Committee on now leave the Chair;-

The House divided. venting the

The Noes went forth. Jfgg *

Tellers for the Yeas,} }#

Tellers for the Noes fMr' Michael Angelo TaylorS

lellers for the XNoes, jMr Nicholas: j I-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and Engrossing of Live Cattle.

2 Mr,

7.

37 Geo. III.

22° — 23" Junii.

Gil

i.i

ttpDited-

Mr..5peaker left the Chais.

Mr. Tierney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tierney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ditefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Tierney accordingly reported from the said Com- Of Southampton, and for making a Road from the in-mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had tended Bridge over the River at or near

in the Weekly Bills of Mortality; with ah Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Com turrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Mr. George Henry Rose presented to the House, accord1- Burtledon ing to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over Burjledott River, at or near the Ferry of Burjledon, in the County

1

'1

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ufie of the Members of the House.

within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

Silt to enable Cathotics to serve as Officers, deferred.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Ordered, That the Bill to enable Persons professing Britain, Ireland, and the Briti/k Dominions in Europe-, to the Roman Catholic Religion to lerve as Officers in the continue, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, be read Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. r----""J 17 ——

Expiring Laws BUI, reported.

And then the

Morning, Ten of

House adjourned the Clock.

VenertSj 2 3® die Junii;

Anno 37 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797

Prayers.

Afrtrdeen Harbour Bill, reported.

MR. Fergufon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and till Tomorrow from the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Antigua;

and also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits ____________ Sir William Bishop, George and Argles to

carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ‘ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday? W

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP,)r to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

_ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Chaise of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, for the

Estimates, &c. referred.

ForeignCorps.

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrafted.

be

The Lords Iuyc agreed to

Monmouth-shire Canal Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation,

and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the ___________ __ __ ....

Ihirty-second \ear of the Reign of His present Ma- both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be jesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amend- referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of certain Allowances to be made to the Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, and Quarter Mailers, of His Majesty's Land Forces, from 25 th May 1797 to 24th follow-

ing, both inclusive, being 214 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 7th to the 24th of December 1796,

Subaltern

Officers.

Extraordinaries of the Army.

Bill to amend Act for making Bread, with an Amendment.

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price " and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and with-Vol. 52I

Veterinary College Petition.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the Report which was Report Efti-made from the Committee, who were appointed to Jnat'° Aj-prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to MUi of.° be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, ficers. in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee;

8 I Mr.

B\ll tf> enable Catholics to frrrc as Officers, committed.

Scotch Diflty lery Bill, reported, and recommitted.

considered.

74

2 30 Junii.

A. 1797.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Parcels Den-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, UllI> "nored. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Receipts to be given on the Delivery of Goods to be carried for Hire by common Carriers and others, in certain Cafes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was, Infoivent according to Order, read a Second Time. rni'nittrd'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itjelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commute of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

ganting to His Majesty an additional Duty on iftilleries in the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, and for altering the Limits of the Highlands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-«ommitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Macklin of Fleet Street, in Petit ion of Mr. the City of London, Printfeller, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner fenta hath, at a very considerable Expence, promoted and ££f1,eof establillied various Works, which have for several nns Years past given great Encouragement to the Artists in Painting and Engraving, and thereby raised the Celebrity of the English School; and that the depressed State of the Arts induced the Petitioner to form other Plans for their Encouragement, but, upon examining the State of his Relources, he found it utterly im-pradicable to prosecute such new Designs without converting into Money Part of his Stock, and therefore he determined to solicit the Aid of Parliament, to enable him to dispose of his Collection of Modem Paintings, in order to prevent the heavy Loss which would unavoidably be sustained by a Sale of the same in the common Way: But the Petitioner was not sufficiently apprized of that State of the Arts, or of his own Resources, on which the Necessity or Propriety of an Application to Parliament mult depend, and on which the Relief prayed for mull be founded, until the Time for presenting Private Petitions during the present Session of Parliament had elapsed; and that a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid hath been prepared, and is now ready to be presented to the House: And, forasmuch as it is highly important to the Petitioner that the Object of such intended Bill should be ac-. complished with as little Delay as possible, he therefore prays, That the House will give Leave to present his aforesaid Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to dispose of the said Modern Paintings by Way of Chance, without incurring any Penalties, notwithstanding the Time limited for presenting limilar Petitions during the present Session is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Leavegiven. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as delired by the said Thomas xslackhn.

Then a Petition of Thomas Macklin of Street, Petition,pre-

in the City of London, Printfeller, was presented to the ientt ' House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to dispose of the said Modern Paintings by Way of Chance, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by Act' of Parliament against Sales by Way of Lottery, or to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,' as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Mr. Alderman Anderson. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning,

:W

2 a U

37 Geo. III. 23 — 26° Juniu 675

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Finance- of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-imiia to be vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

cjxidcred. Houie, to take into Consideration the State of the

Finances of India.

Ciinmittfe on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bill turther to rcf0lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, continue A-ft . - , _ .

rsipeiting the upon the Bill further to continue an Act, made in this

Negotiation of present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Nat.1 ° y " suspend for a limited Time, the Operation of Two " Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining " the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called England," as revived amended, and continued by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the lame, and also for continuing such subsequent Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'flic House resolved itself into the said Committee; Mr. S{>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Ref At>ed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between H is Majesty and the United States of America.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and tlcfire their Concurrence.'

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways «n<t

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j j3'd ' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock;

LuneZy 26° die Junii 5

Anno 370 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

MR. Randyll Burch reported from the Committee, S cote's to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, portrd, and intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors and other p-iffed. Hereditaments situate in the County of devised by the Will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying oqt the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table; ,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

ciol'm fwjfte Order of the Day being read, for taking into

rTmilfhy 3 further Consideration the Report from the Committee

Agreement, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing,

allotting, and indoling, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties inlerested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the M ay of fuel) Agreement, was again re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

on

Wtymoufh aiiti \kl combe Rffci i Water Bill, further coniidered.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Borouc'a and Town of [Vermouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 13th Day of this Instant , pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Vol. 52.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks and for making new Roads and Passages and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour;

Ordered That Mr. Fergnfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrencei

Aberdeen Harbour Bill paiFcd.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iriti tilled, An TealVsDi-Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sidenham teajl, Merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of July next, reiblve itlblf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit *

nesses,

v

6>j6

2 6° J

A.

1797.

hefles, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-Couniel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, ships. if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-

fehor produce Witnesses.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of May last, that a Committee be ap-

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-doling the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Com clotureM

monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Rounds, in the

Orders for Committee on

Mr. Palmer's _ .

Agreement, pointed to consider of the Agreement made with Mr. County of Northampton, is committed Opinion'S Palmer for the Reform and Improvement of the Poll

charged *

Office and its Revenue, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as directs

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Salt info abolishing the Office of One of the Judges of the Su-preme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning

the said Committee to report their Opinion thereupon to Europe, in certain Cafes; for diminishing the Ex/-to the House, be discharged. pence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein;

The House was also moved, That the Order made for removing Doubts respecting the Jurisdiction of upon Monday last. That it be an instruction to the the Mayor's Court at Madras and for amend-

laid Committee, That they have Power to enquire into ing and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third the Causes of Mr. Palmer's Suspension from the Office Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, of Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and that " An Act for continuing in the East India Company, they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House, " for a further Term, the Poflessions of the British might be read. " Territories in India, together with their exclusive

Committee to report Evidence.

Briftot Roads Bill, passed.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as directs the said Committee to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do report to the House, the Evidence which shall have been received by them, re-Ibefting the several Matters referred to their Confi-aeration.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and " repairing several Roads round the City of and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from

" Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing " further Regulations for the Government of the said " Territories, and the better Administration of Justice " within the lame; for appropriating to certain Uses " the Revenues and Profits of the said Company;

" and for making Provision for the good Order and " Government or the Towns of Madras, and

" Bombays" and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Anstruther,the Earl of Morning-

ton, and Mr. Solicitor General, do preparevand bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Horton Tn-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Parish of Horton, in the County of , was

the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into committed; and to whom the Petition of James the Bitton and Tog hi/I Common Road, was read the ford, of the City of Btijlol, Merchant, and Henry Bcn-Third Time. gongh, of the same City, Gentleman, was referred;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title That the Committee had examined, and found that the be. An Act for extending the Term, and amending Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Inclosure, had been complied withj and that the

.Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing several " Roads round the City of and for making,

and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the Bitton and Toghill Common Road.

Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and also, to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named (except One Person, who is rated to the Land Tax at jf.i 7 per Annum, who

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the refused to sign the Bills and also, except One Person,

lartisAmend-ment to Bill to amend Act for making Bread, a :rccd to.

who is rated at £. 8 per Annum, who could not be met with; and also, except One Cottager, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property, interested in the Inclosure, is rated to the Land Tax at £. 2,192 per Annum, and there are 15 Cottagers); and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an „ _ _

Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had " An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regu- directed him to report to the House s and he read " late the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," Bill, u'ith the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of /Where the Amendments were Once read throughout s Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liber- and then a Second Time, One by Ones and, upon the

ties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mor tality.

And the said Amendment was read s and is as followeths viz.

In the Title of the Bill:

Line ult. After " Mortality," inlert " and within " Ten Miles of the Royal ."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords s and acquaint them, that this House

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold or Chattlehold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Finney, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and situate in the County of Somerset, in the said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trusts by

Pirmey's

EitarcBi!'.

committed

V

u-

v;

5

37 Geo. III.

such Settlement limited and declared of the fame, and for lcttling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattlehoid Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, lituate in the County of Dor ft, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickin-fen Junior, Mr. Hiijjey, And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report on The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Croydon in- into further Consideration the Report which was made further con- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing idtrred. allotting, and inclosing, the Open and.Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Sunny, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l'everally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiled.

That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid t j the Governor and Company of the Bank of to

be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Subaltern That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be °liicers-granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to be made to the Subaltern Odi-cers, Adjutants, and Quarter Matters, of ltis Majesty''s Land Forces, from the 25th Day of 1797 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty-three Days.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foreign That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-one Coip . thousand Six hundred and Thirty-leven Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps,'in the Service _ of Great Britain, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Veterinary That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen hundred Pounds, be College, granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rsport Sup-

p!y.

French Refugees.

Foreign Secret Sen ice.

Fxtn ordinaries oi the Annv.

D\

D\

Outstanding Demands in Barrack Department.

Exnonces m

Reduction of National Debt.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conf.der further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same were read; and are as iolioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards the Relief of the fullering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingOnc hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred anil Six thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-two Pounds 'Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of II is Majesty s Forces, from the 7th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Expence of Extraordinary Services of the Army incurred and not paid previous to the 5th Day cf January 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Millions, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year

1797- ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to satisfy Demands outilanding on the 5th Day of January 1 797, in the Barrack Department.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding {'our hundred and Forty-nine thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Supply of Forage to the Troop:., and other Expences attending the Service of the Barrack Department, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of {his Committee, Vol. <2.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue the Boun- ExciringLa i ties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year Bll,pa ul of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an A cl, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John s, in the llland of Antigua; and also, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bifiopy George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidfone Geneva, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty third War of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John s, in the llland of Antigua; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop,

George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidfone Geneva; and also, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glals, as was to continue for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day> for the House Committee on to refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tchMibria to consider further of the Bill to raise and embody a Bill.

Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. M'Dowall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. BBDozva/l reported from the Committee, That 8 K they

L.

An tly: Pc-> >n ct Mr. Lu'.Lt, &c. vrii-Aii ?Mv> Owners lSill.

The Lord?

have passed

Sir Henry

Ho-h;orfs

tibte Bill *

678 ' $6° Junii. A. 1797-

tiiev had male f:veral other Amendments to the Bill; Lands thereby deviled for Lands of which Sir Henry which they had directed him to report, when the House Philip Hoghton, or Daniel Hcghion, or either of them, wib ple:t:c to receive the same. are or is ieiled in Fee Simple, and for enabling the

Ordered, That the Kcport be received Tomorrow Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Con-Morning. veyance.s in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years,

for the Purpose of Building; to which the Lords desire A Petition of Richard Bnl/er, Hieronimus Barmefler, the Concurrence of this House, and Cornelias Bailer, ul the City of London, Merchants And then the Messengers withdrew, and Partners under the Firm of Richard Bailer and"

Company, was presented to the House, and read; The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill for regu-Setting forth. That, in October and November 1796, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Petitioners, as the Merchants and Correlpondents upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and earn'- Slaves,‘de-of several Commercial Houses at Lisbon,shipped fun- ing Slaves in British Vessels from the Coalt of Africa; lemd-dry Goods, of the Value of £. 1,825, on Board the Rejoived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morm

Ship Atlas, John ChrijhnasMaster, consigned to the ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Persons at Ltfbon for whom the same were shipped;

and that, in the latter End of November 1796, the Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill further

said Ship failed from the Port of London on her Vov- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill AOrdp'aing

ago for Lisbon, and, on the 5th of December, ran foul further to continue an Act, made in this present Sef- the Nrgo-

of a,.other Ship in the Bn lift Channel, in conference fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend,

of which she was totally loft with the said Goods on " for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of reported.

board; and that the Petitioners beingadviied by their " the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign

Counsel, that, under the Circumstances attending the " of His present Majesty, for restraining the Nego-

Loss of t'ae said Ship, the Owners thereof wore liable " tiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of

to pay the Value of the said Goods to the Petitioners, " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part

for the Benefit of the Persons interested therein, the " of Gr called as revived,amended.

Petitioners, in the Month of May lair, commenced an and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Section,

Action against the said Owners to recover the Value passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and con-of the said Goods, which Action is now depending; tinuing the fame, and also for continuing i'uch subse-and that the Bill now depending in the House, for quest Act, was committed, the Amendments which giving Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships, if the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they enacted into a Law, would exonerate the Owners and had directed him to report to the House; and he read Master of the said Ship Atlas from their Liability to the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the answer to the Petitioners for the Value of the "laid Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Goods, and thereby deprive the Petitioners and their Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Correlpondents, for whom they lliipped the said Goods, and then a Second-Time, One by One; and, upon the of the Benefit of the Contracts they entered into with Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Master and Owners of the said Ship, by Bills of the House.

Lading upon the Shipment thereof, or greatly reduce Ordered, lhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Extent and Operation of the said Contracts, and ingroHcd.

of the Security thereby stipulated for by the Petition- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third lime ers, and which, as the Law then flood, and now Hands, Tomorrow Morning, it the said Bill Hull be then in the Petitioners are entitled to claim and enforce, and grolled. have commenced their laid Action for that Purpose;

and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly sub- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Scotch Dicta-mit to the House, that, whatever Relief Parliament Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for n"-tcj g;jj" may think fit to give to Owners of Ships in future granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distil- reported Cafes, the same ought not to extend to antecedent leries in the Highlands of therein particularly

Contrafts and Tranlactions, so as to operate as an ex described, and for altering the Limits of the High-pof facto Law; and that the Petitioners and their Cor- lands, as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-

rclpondents at Lisbon, at the Time the Goods above- third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and mentioned were Hupped, acted in Confidence cf, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the reformed their Contrafts agreeably to, the Law as it spective Districts in Scotland, was re-committed, the then flood, and they hope the House will not deprive Amendments which the Committee had made to the them of the Benefit of the Contrafts so entered into, Bill, and which they had directed him to report to nor of the Relief which the Law, as it now Hands, en- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and titles them to in their said Action; And therefore afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; m at the Clerk's lable: Where the Amendments were and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves. Once read throughout; and then a Second lime. One or their Counsel, at the Bar of the lloule, against the by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-laid Bill. upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, lhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be Table, until the Report be received from the Com- ingrafted.

mittee to whom the said Bill is committed. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall

A MelVage from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and be then ingrafted.

Mr. Smith: _

Mr. Speaker, The other Orders of the Day being read;

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act Refohed, That this House will, upon B'e due flay for appointing Trustees for carrying into Execution Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the certain Trulls and Powers contained in the Will of whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted the late Sir Henry Ho fit on. Baronet, in the room of to His Majesty. _

Samuel Fenton, Merchant, and Thomas Fenton, Esquire, Rlhat this House will, upon Thursday gj|£ejc(v !d. the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life in Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Life-time of the said Sir HenryHoghton, and for whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Ma-cnabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the jesty a Stamp Duty on Receipts to be given on the

3 Delivery

37 Geo. III.

26° — 2 70

6 79

Delivery of Goods to be carried for Hire by common and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

Ways and Means, deferred.

Carriers and others, in certain Cafes therein mentioned.

Resolve</, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 70 die Junii;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 179

ingrafted.

Bill further to c uitinuc Act reflecting tly Net-

Tax Office AI lei!incut Bill, committed.

A

Prayers. Bill

for assessing

the Commissioners of the Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Hall,

notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place, was read a Second lime.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-nvartng, Mr. IIchart, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Burflcdon Bridge Bill, committed.

A Bill for building a Bridge over River,

at or near the Ferry of Burjledon, in the County of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the subsequent Ait

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrolled) further to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to lulpend, for a limited 0jj(roTime, the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth " and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promisfory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain " called England," as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Ail of this Session, palfed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the fame, and also for continuing such subsequent Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Kejolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act further to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two " Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the " Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills " of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called Eas revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the fame, and also for continuing such

Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to 1‘itchfieL I,in the said County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Henry RoJ'e, Mr. Hobart, he.: And they are to meet

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Act for

Kind's Wal-dm Inclosure Bill, uported.

An in rofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ear! of Brad-ting irvTrustees certain Parts of the late t n- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the County of $alop> de- mitted. Chamber. viled by the Will of General Harry Pulteney, for the

Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the mon Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable like L'fes and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's

Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled, was read a Second Time.

Refc/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ber-nardy Mr. Hobarty &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at'Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.1

King's

Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IValdniy in the County of Hcriford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, except that no Notice of the Application to Parliament had been

given within the Time required by such Standing Orders, it not being determined to apply to Parliament

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas be added to the Member

til! the Time appointed lor that Purpose had elapt'ed; Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring

but that such Notice was affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of King's Walden aforesaid on Three Sundays in the Month of October L't, and continued so affixed tiil the Beginning of the present Month; and-that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

in, a Bill for abolishing the Office of One Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature cutta:

of the at Cal-

fot' enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for ditninishing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts respecting the Juristliftion of the Mayor's Court at Madras and

added to bring in East Indi.t Judicature Bill.

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Bombay, for amending and explaining an Act, made

one Owner of 3 Roods and 13 Perches of Land, who declared he had rather not change his Land, unless he knew what he should have for it; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed contain 498 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; poses. Vol. 52

in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituied, " An Act for continuing in the " East India Company, for a further Term, the Poffession of the BriiijhTerritories in India, together " with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the " Government of the said Territories, and the better " Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Lies the Revenues and Profits " of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay;" and for oilier Pur-

Sir

v

fcill to amend Atifr relative to Seamen, prei'enttd.

Inland Navigations Duty Bill, deferred.

Petition of Merchants, &c. ayainll Ship Owners Bill.

Accounts of Produce of

Taxes on G i:ne Certificates, and Dogs, ordered.

Dubois Nat. Bill, reported.

Fivmouth

Writ.

Fail India Ju dienture Bill, preheated.

680 Juniu 1797 *

Sir William Scott preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, " and for the better and more effectually manning " His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Prc-vision for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Government of the said Territories, and the better a Adminifl ration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits " of the said Company; and for making Provision for " the good Order and Government of the Towns of " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay;" and for other Purposes: And the same was received \ and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods Conveyed on Inland Navigations.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants employing Owners and Matters of Ships in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandise, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons employing the Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth. That the Interests of the Petitioners, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, will be very materially affected thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Coun-ici, against the said Bib, or Inch Parts thereof as may be prejudicial to their Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Tax on Certificates granted for the killing of Game, for the Year ending the 5th Dry of January 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Tax upon Dogs to the present Time, so far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois dc, Chemant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any.Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, deceaseu.

Mr. IVilfuun Dnndas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for abolishing the Office of One of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for dimimihing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts respecting the Jurisdiction of the Mayor's Court at Madras and Bombay-, for amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " in the East India Company, fen a further derm, the " Possession of the British Territories in India, together " with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for eliablishing farther Regulations for the

Ordered, That Mr. William Dnndas do make the Re- Scotch Militia port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom recommitted the Bill to raise and embody a Militia Force in that 1 lf rtP ted-Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, was re-committed.

Mr. William Dnndas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,‘One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The House being informed that Thomas Bonn or, late of the Post Office, now a Priibner for Debt in His in custody Majesty's Prison of the King's Bench, is proper to be examined before the Committee, appointed to corffider r'

of the Agreement made with Mr. Palmer for the Re- Agreement, form and Improvement of the Post Otlice and its Re- &c‘ venue, and who were instrufted to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office;

Ordered, That the Marshal of His Majesty's Prison of the King's Bench do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in safe Custody the said Thomas Bonnor to the said Committee; and also do bring the said Thomas Bonnor in safe Custody to the said Committee at any other Time or Times as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his -Warrant accordingly.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the [fje Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, importation, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation " and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the hdcred.

" Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty <c on British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present <c Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment " of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the " Bounty on British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made iit this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal,

" Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation " of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Pay-

" meat

to

dr:i

fb

i:

C'a|

k

A;

Li I

l

37 Geo. lit.

£7" 1 J

r6it

" metit of Duty; and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the " Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of " Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of " Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distiliatiort " of Low Wines and Spirits," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts. rtefiderctL The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ghain

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com1

mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Expor1 tation of an additional Quantity of Wheat Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Bile Cuit, or Peas, to the Islands of Jersey, and

Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabi1 tants of the said Islands, for a Time to be limited *

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Jill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the Islands of Guernfe, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Rose, Mr Ryder, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Croydon in- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-eloiure Bill, ing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows. Common Marshes, Hedths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; f/z.

Pr. 55. 1. 2. To ‘leave out from " exempt" to

" in," in J. 3.

Pr. 73. 1. 7. To leave out from " thereof' to

" they," in 1. 8.

Pr. 98. 1. 11. To leave out from " Commisfioners" to " are," in 1. 12.

Pr. 100. 1. 37. To leave out from " Law" to " respectively," in 1. 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord Rujfell do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Bill for in- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking

in ° further Consideration the Report from the Com-AgreemJnt, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for di-»gain re-com- viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, 8Mtt ' Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand Vol. 52.

in the Way of such Agreement; was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly -.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the -whole House, upon the Bill to enable Perfpns professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers In the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Pdwer to make Provision in the said Bill for enabling Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England:, to take Commissions in the said Corps of Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, without qualifying themselves for accepting the said Commissions by taking the Sacrament in the Church of England, as by Law established;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

11 c a. v f Mr. William Smith, 1 ,

Tdlers for the Yeas,} LorJ j 36.

‘Tillers for the Noes, . \ i-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com1 mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair *

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton took the Chair of

the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Masters of Ships, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Buller, Hieronimus and Cornelius Buller, of the City of London, Merchants and Partners under the Firm of Rickard Buller and Company, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Buller, Hiero-nimus Burmester, and Cornelius Buller, of the City of London, Merchants and Partners under the Firm of Richard Butler and Company; and also, the Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, Merchants, employing Owners and Masters of Ships in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons employing the Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchants L dize,

Committee on Bill to enablo Catholics to serve as Officers.

Inltru&ioiu,

Ship Owners Bill, reported and re-committed.

Petitions against Ship Owners Biii referred, and Counfei ordered.

Committee on Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Motion for Bill to regulate Vessels for carrying Slaves, to be considered.

Message for the Attendance of Lord Chesterfield and Lord WalfinghfliD

House adjourned.

681 'if — 28® —

dize, which wefe Yesterday and this Day presented to the House and severally ordered to lie Upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committlte to whom the said Bill was committed be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whotn the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel before the said Committee upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petitions.

The other Order of the Day being read)

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. William Smith have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloatk have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a MefTage be Cent to the Lords, to desire their Lord ships will give Leaveto the Earl of Chesterfieldand the Lord Walfi, to come to the Committee of this House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Agreement made with Mr. Palmer for the Reform and improvement of the Post Office and its Revenue, and who are instrufted to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office, in order to be examined at the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the said Mef-

fage.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° Junii 5 Anno 37 Georgii III'" Regis 1797. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Tea of the Clock.

Junii. 1797.

yovisi 2 9® die yunii \

Anno 37 Georgii III. Regis, 1797.

PRAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill fof dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horten, in the County of Gloucefet, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Art ingrossed Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melc , and the Parts

adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Sums to be paid for Water conveyed to Houses to be built.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving a Preference to the Owners of old Houses, in Cafes of a Scarcity of Water.

And,the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro posed to be made to the Rill; viz,

Pr. 37. 1. 37. To leave out from " now" to " exercise," in 1. 38.

Pr. 38. 1. 3. To leave out from " there" to

" as," in-1. .7. tPr. 41. 1. 12. After "Droughts" to insert "or " a Deficiency of Water, from " any other Cause, for supplying in the usual Manner those " who have before agreed for " Water." .

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker Steward dp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Rounds, in the County of Northampton, which Bill was, upon the 19th Day of this Instant June, read a Second Time, and committed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as "far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this Instant June, was made from the A?ommittee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable

Norton Inclosure Bill paised.

Weymami

and Melcombe Regis Wattr Bill, passed.

King's Consent toRaunds Inclosure Bill.'

Consideration of Report on Riccarton and Troone Canal Bill, dfferrad.

' *

L'.l- . ' ' ‘J

37 Geo. III. 29"

ble Canal from a certain Place called Riaafton Bridge in the County of Ayr, to a place called The and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House Upon the 14th Day of this Instant , pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794}

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

sir Henry An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hoghton's for appointing Trustees for carrying into Execution cer r»L/e 1 ' tain Trusts and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, in the room of ton, Merchant, and Thomas Fenton, Esquire, the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life in the Lifetime of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip , or

.Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is seised in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dickius reported from the Committee, to whom pOTtH.anVnc- the Bill for dividing and inplofing the Common and ««awtted. Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Wafts Grounds, in Rounds, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative -to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with , and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 570 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to iign the Bill; andalfb, except the Proprietors of 721 Acres, or thereabouts, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed con-fists of 4,963 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to (he said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed:

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the.

Committee to whom the same was committed. ' .

Mr. Serjeant Adair reported from the Committee; to Mr. Macklm whom the Petition of Thomas Mackof poJjed.n' *

in the City of London, Printfeller, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fcdlowc-th;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Benjamin tFeJl, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Petitioner hath, at a very considerable Expence, promoted and established various Works, which have for several Years past given great Encouragement to the Artists in Painting and Engraving, and thereby raised the Celebrity of the English School, to a greater Degree of Per-

section than was known in this Country before, particularly in Historical Painting and Engraving: That the Petitioner is desirous to bring forward other Productions of a similar Nature, which may further tend to promote and encourage those Arts, and lead them to a (till greater State of Perfection; but cannot enter into any new Engagements or Undertakings, until his present Collection of Modern Paintings is disposed of: And the V *

Witness added, That unless some Encouragement is . given by Parliament, to enable the Petitioner to dispose of the said Collection to the belt Advantage, there must be a very great Loss in the disposing thereof by the common Mode of Sale.

John Opie and William Hamilton, Esquires, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited tf his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance: And that Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Abbot, and Mr. Alderman Anderson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimateof the additional Charge of an Augmentation of One Shilling per Diem to the Pay of the Captain Lieutenants, and First and.Second Lieutenants, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Engineers, from' 25th May to 3 ift December 1797, both in-

of

Augments-

tion to Pay of Artillery, &c. presented.

eluded, 221 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. The said Estimate is as followeth 1 viz.

fs-'

'ft

k

\rOL. $2-

Ordered,

684

4p6 Junii.

A. 1797.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House *

The Lords vrili fend an An fwer to Meffagefbr the Attendance of Lord Chester field, &c.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Nicolay, from Account of the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended scwSdhL

Mr. Hobart reported, That he had, according to Order,

been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to the Earl of Chesterfield, and the Lord IVal-

finghani, to come to the Committee of this House, to . ________

Whom it is referred to consider of the Agreement made the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- lei-y, prtfens with Mf. Palmer, for the Reform and Improvement of knted to the House, pursuant to their Order, d-

the Post Office and its Revenue, and who are instrufted An Account of the Orofs and Net Produce of the to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the Distillery in , distingutlhing the Lowland and

Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office, in Highland Distillery, and the Duties payable on each, order to be examined at the said Committee; and that from the Commencement of the Reign of His present their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would fend Majesty to the 5th Day of January 1797, being the

Bill for Exportation of Wheat, &c. to Guernsey, &c. prdented.

The Loreto give Leave for the Attendance of Lord Chesterfield, &c.

The Lord have agreed to

Drayton Par-flow Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Pyder prelertted to the House, according t6 Order, a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the Wands of Jersey, and

Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they do give Leave to the Earl of Chesterfield and the Lord Walsingham to come to a Committee of this

House, to whom it is referred to consider Of the Agreement, made with Mr. Palmer, for the Reform and Improvement of the Post Office and its Revenue; and who re instrufted to enquire into the Causes of his Suf-pension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office, in order to be examined at the said Committee, if their Lordships shall think fit: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Drayton Parflow, in the County of Buckingham,) with some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account' do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that there waS a Mistake Houseinfonn-in the Name of the Person (called Thomas Bonnor) who was, upon Tuesday last, ordered to be brought, by of Mr. Boa. the Marshal of the King's Bench, to the Committee, Bor appointed to consider of the Agreement made with Mr. Palmer, for the Reform and Improvement of the Poll Office and its Revenue, and who were instrufted to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office;

Ordered, That the Marshal of His Majesty's Prison of :the King's Bench do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in

safe Custody Charles Bonnor.to the said Committee;. Committee on and do also bring the said Charles safe Custody ~

to the said Committee at any other Time or Times.as tic. the said Committee shall think fit to require the same 1 And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein Binfdefemd. mentioned to be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Behalf, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Insolvem ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Account of Produce of Tax upon Dogs, present-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, dt-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ,er The House being informed that Mr. Hunter, from consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Re/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-House, pursuant to their Order, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, red?' *

An Account of the Produce of the Tax upon Dogs to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the to the present Time, so far as the same can be made Supply granted to His Majesty.

UP.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Bill forindof-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for dividing, al- Agreement, lotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons,

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Came CertM ' e House being informed that Mr. Townend, from rate Duty,pre- the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by ftnted. Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prdented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Scotch KM to His Majesty an additional Duty on Distilleries in

An Account of the Game Certificate Duty for the the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly de Year ending the 5th Day of January 1797. feribed, and for altering the Limits of the Highlands,

And then he withdrew. as specified in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year

And the Title of the said Account was read. of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for regulating

the

K>

t *

te

hr

13

ten

Jan

fc.

Gti

fc!

Cam

«Tc

68 5

290 — 3°° Junii.

Geo. III.

the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland» be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland,therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respecttive Districts in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

KorfoikAf- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second f Reading of the Bill for holding the Lent Assizes for the

err ' County of Norfolk at the Castle of Norwich;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Month.

Parcels Duty Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill, deferred, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Receipts to be given on the Delivery of Goods to be carried for Hire by common Carriers and others, in certain Cales therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read'accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill forpre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into t'ntin'Pt-he further Consideration the Report from the Committee &c?of live' e whole House, to whom the Bill for more effec-Cattle, put off tually preventing the Forestalling, Regrating, and En-for 3 Months, grossing, of Live Cattle, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question j'

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, { ^: } 7-

rp , r .1 xt ( Mr. Secretary )

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr cJtw. j 39-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair!

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Arid Sir William Dolben moved the House accordingly- .;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered,

regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa: And that Sir, William Dolben and Mr. William Smith do prepare, and bring ini the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Re- Bill for regu-port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom 1;tin |t)heof the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves s!aves!'feport« in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was com- «1. mitted.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying Persons for having granted certain Certificates.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Committee on Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- fndlvieter-mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to take into red. Consideration the State of the Finances of India, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Motion for itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-kre Venus'1", fider of the Motion, made upon Tuesday last, That for carrying Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Si ves‘ Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards,

for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Vo l.52.

yeneris, 30° die Junii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIItU Regis, 17 97 *

Praters.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Eymtfbuvyin whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the jepomd.U1' )pen and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com-nons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eynefbury, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed;

8 M and

686

O CV - »

30 J.

1797.

and to whom the Petition of the Reverend William

Cole, Clerk, Reiflor of Eynef, in the County of #««-

ting don, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 103 Acres and 1 Rood, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, consists of 1,250 Acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feVcral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; 'and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by' One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Lords.Amend The House proceeded to take into Consideration the menu to Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, flowlnclomre An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bill,agreed to and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Drayton Par flow, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 27. Leave out from " Church" to

" And," in Press 2, Line 7.

Pr. 2. 1. 8. Leave out from " are" to " and, "

in Line 29, and insert " Two " Yard Lands, called Gore " and certain Arable Lands,

" called Clack , Two Closes

" of Pasture Land, called Clack " , and also a Piece of

" Common Pasture, called Clack " , in the said Pa-

" rish of Drayton and

' " in the Parish of in

" the said County of Bttcking~

" ham, or One of them, over " which, or some Part thereof,

" the Proprietors of Lands and " Commonable Rights in Drayton and Stewkley afore- '

" said, do respectively exercise a ' " Right of Common at stated

" Times, and certain Tithes of " the said Lands arc claimed by " the Right Reverend the Lord.

" Bishop of Oxford, as Owner of " the Impropriate Rectory or " Parsonage of aforesaid, and by ‘Thomas Hedges " and John Hedges, Gentlemen,

" his Lessees, and the Reverend " John Montgomery as Vicar of

" Stewkley aforesaid, and by the " said William Lord as Rector of pr " Drayton Parfloiv aforesaid."

9 1. 24. Leave out from " thereupon" to

" And," in Press xo. Line 27. and insert Clauses (A.) and

lAuse (A.) " And whereas the Boundaries of

" the said Parishes of Drayton " Par flow and Stewkley, are not " clearly known or ascertain- 6

ed; Be it therefore further " Enacted, That before the " Completion of the said Sur-' " vey and Admeasurement, it.

" shall and may be lawful, and " the major Part, in Value, of "the laid Proprietors of Dray " ton Parjlow are hereby required, to nominate One of " the said Commissioners, and " the major Part, in Value, of " the Proprietors of Steivkley, are " hereby also required to nominate One other Person, not " interested in the said Division, " tt> perambulate and ascertain " the Boundaries of the said Parishes, or of such Part or Parts " thereof as shall appear to them " to be doubtful or in dispute; " and shall, at least Eight Days " before the Time or Times ap- " pointed for such Perambulation, give Notice of the Hour " and Place of beginning the " fame, by Writing to be affixed on the principal Doors " of the Parish Churches of " Drayton Parjlow and Stewkley " aforesaid, so that all Persons " interested or concerned therein " may attend the fame, in order " the better to enable the said

" Arbitrators to perambulate the " said Boundaries; and the said " Arbitrators are hereby required, by such Perambulation,

" and also by Examination of " Witnesses on Oath, if they u shall think necessary (which " Oath any One of the said Arbitrators is hereby empowered to administer) and such other " Evidence, Enquiry, and Means " as they shall think proper, to " ascertain, fix, and settle the " said Boundaries, and to cause " the same to be set out, flaked,

" and marked; and that it shall " and may be lawful for the said " Arbitrators, in like Manner, to enquire into and ascertain to whom the Right of Common over the said Two Yard Lands, " called Gore Leys,belongs; anu

" if the said Arbitrators shall no agree in their Judgment witlun " Twenty Dai's after their 0 mination, they are hereby ry-« quired, at the Expiration or " that Time, by Writing un '

« their Hands, to nominate a < appoint a proper

o inTepfted the Lanjbh.

" by intended to as7 a Third Arbitrator or " pire for settling a- nU1, " mining such di.pu Kigiit " da 17 or Boundar c / rbi' " of Common; d lucl the

« trators shall ap fotnc

« like Examination 1 and

Oath, a.ee r'jgoun

Kight

Jar). ot

settle such dilput " or Boundaries, an on

37 Geo. III.

" Common and the Determination of lu. h Arbitrators, or ' " any Two of them, ihftl be

" binding, final, and coiKiulive " on all Persons interested, so as " an Award be made in Writing, under the Hands and " Seals of the said Arbitrators,

" or any Two of them, within " Twenty Days next after the " Appointment of the Third " Arbitrator or Umpire."

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" it shall and may be lawful, and " the said William is hereby

" required, to nominate One of " the said Commissioners, and " the said Lord Bishop of O.vfad, and the said Vicar, are " hereby also required to nominate One other Person, not " interested in the Lands and " Grounds hereby intended to " be divided and inclosed, to " enquire into and ascertain the " respective Rights of the said " William Lord, the said Lord " Cishop and his Lessees, and " the said Vicar, of, in, and to " the Tithes arising, due, and " payable to them respectively,

" out of or from the said Two " Yard Lands, called Gore Leys,

" and the said Lands, called " Clack Hill, Clack Clojes, and " Clack Hill; and in

" calc the said Arbitrators cartnot agree in their Judgment " withinTwenty Days after their " Nomination, they are hereby required, at the Expiration " of that Time, by Writing'

" under their Hands, to nomi-"nate and appoint a proper " Person, not interested in the " said Division, as a Third Arbitrator or Umpire for afeertaining such respective Rights " to the said Tithes as aforesaid;

" and such Arbitrators, or any " Two of them, shall and may,

" by Examination of Witnesses " on Oath, if they shall think " necessary (which Oath any " One of them is hereby empowered to administer) and " such other Evidence, Enquiry, and Means, as they shall " think proper, ascertain such " respective Rights to the said " Tithes as aforesaid; and if it " Avail happen that the said " Tithe Owners, or either of " them, Avail be dissatisfied with " the Determination or Award

"of the said Arbitrators, or " any Two of them, he or they " Hull not be thereby precluded- from trying his or their " Right or Rights at Law, nor " shall any Proceedings or Trials, " to be had thereupon, lutpend " the Execution of the Powers " given by this Act.

Pr. ii. 1.- 9. } After "therein" insert " other than & 10.,) " and except such as are here-

Yol. 52.

687

" inbefore directed to be afccrtained."

Leave out " Part of," and in the same Line leave out from " said" to " Proprietors," in Lines 18 and 19, and insert " Proprietors have agreed that " the said Common, called " Hill Common and the Right " of Common, over Clack Hill " and Clack Hill Clojes, shall be " equally divided between the " said."

1. 19., Leave out from " in" to " be," in Line 25, and insert " the " said Two Parishes."

Pr. 14. 1. 21.,) After " aforesaid " insert "except & 22.,) " such Right of Common (if any)

" as the - Proprietors of Lands " in Stewkley shall have over the " said Two Yard Lands called " Gore Leys"

I.29. After " whatsoever" insert "and " Avail be subject and liable to " such respective Rights of Common and Tithes, as the other " Lands in the said Parish are " now subject or liable to."

Ifc 20. 1. 6. After " ever " insert " out of the " L % vds or Grounds as shall be " deemed to belong to Drayton " Paijloivaforesaid."

Pr. 21. 1. 39. Leave out from " out " to " And,"

" in Press 23, Line 7, and infert Clauses (C.) and (D.) Clause (C.) " And be it further Enacted, That " the said Commissioners shall,

" and they are hereby authorized " and required, to set out and " allot, to and for the said William Lord, the said Lord Bishop of Oxford, and the said " Thomas Hedges and John Hedges " his Lessees, and for the said " John Montgomery, as Vicar of " Stewkley aforesaid, for and in " lieu of the Tithes of the said " Two Yard Lands called Gore " Leys, and the Tithes of the " said Lands called Hill,

" Clack Clojes, and Clack Hill " Common, according to their " respective Rights and Interests in the said Tithes (in the "Judgment of the said Arbitrators) such Parcels of the " said Lands as shall, in the " Judgment of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value " (Quantity, Quality, and Convenience considered) to Four " Parts in Nineteen of the Va

" lue of the Arable Lands, and " One-ninth Part of the Value " of the Grass Land, in lieu " whereof any of such Tithes " become due or are payable." Clause (D.) " And be it further Enacted, That " from and after the said respective Allotments shall be set " out and allotted as aforesaid, " such of them as Avail be allotted to the said William " Lord and his Successor.', Avail " from thenceforth for ever be deemed as Part of the said

Parish

300 Junit.

Pr. 13. 1. 16.

Report on Riccarton and Troone Canal Bill, further considered.

King's Walden Inclosure Bill, paised.

Petition of Mr. Pedley to be included in the Insolvent Debtors Bill.

688

30° Junii.

A. 17 97.

V Parish of Drayton and

" such of them as shall be set out and allotted to the said " Lord Bishop of Oxford, and X( his Succefl'ors and Lessees, and " the said John Montgomery, as Vicar as aforesaid, shall from " thenceforth for ever be deemed as Part of the said Parish u of Stewkley: Provided always,

Xc that nothing herein contained " shall authorize or empower " the said Commissioners to make " any Allotment or Allotments " to the said respective Tithe " Owners, for or in respect of

\tc

Pr.

O'

and that the Petitioner's Creditors have possessed themselves of his Effects, sufficient to pay every One of them Ten Shillings in the Pound upon all their Debts; and that they have divided Five Shillings in the Pound to and amongst all his Creditors except the One the Petitioner is held in Prison by, who still refuses to take it; and there now lays in the Hands of the Petitioner's Assignees a sufficient Sum of Money to pay a Dividend of upwards of Five Shillings in the Pound upon the said Debt, and which the Creditor can receive at any Time upon the Petitioner being released from Prison; and that there is not a Possibility of the Petitioner's Creditors ever receiving One Shilling more than what they are in Possession of from his Estate, and that the Petitioner would long lince have perished, for Want of the common Necessaries of Life, had not the Tithes arising, due, or pay- William Jones, Esquire, the Marshal of the said Prison, able to them respectively, from given him Leave to open a Coal Shed within the said Prison, about Two Years and a Half ago, by which Means the Petitioner has since then supported himself; and that the Petitioner's unexampled long Confinement of Sixteen Years and an Half has ruined his Health and Constitution, and he mud inevitably end his Days in Prison unlel's the Legislature shall be pleased to extend the Benefit of the present Insolvent Bill, now pending in Parliament, to him; and that the Petitioner with Grief saw himself excluded the Benefit of the last Insolvent Act: And therefore praying, That he may be included in the present Bill, either by Name, or that the Sum may be l'o far extended as to include the Petitioner, or in any other Way that shall seem meet to the House.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Petition from

Marl

lorti

F

or

as

out of such Lands shall, in the Judgment of the said Arbitrators, be deemed of ascertained to be in the said Parish of y, but

that such Lands shall remain titheable to the said Lord Bishop, and his Succefl'ors and " Lessees, and the said Vicar, " in the same Manner as the " other Lands within tfye said " Parish of ."

1. 11.,) Leave out from " Succefl'ors " to & 12.,) " for," in Line 24.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Be!--:

tei

'F

Bench Prison, who were excluded the Benefit of the or Tfnfhe' last ' ‘ ' ‘ — -

Insolvent Act, was also presented to the House, King) Bench, Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, on the j°

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed 12th of February 1794, were charged in Execution Debtors Bill, to the Amendments made by their Lordships. for Sums of Money above £. 1,000, and consequently

were excluded the Benefit of the last Insolvent Act,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking and have remained in Prison ever since, and have no into further Consideration the Report which was made Hopes of Relief, unless the Legislature shall be pleased from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a to take their same into Consideration: And therefore Navigable Canal from a certain Place called Riccarton praying, That the House would be pleased to introduce Bridge, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The a Clause into the present Insolvent Bill, for the Relief

of all those who were imprisoned on the 12th Day of February 1794, and who have remained in Prison ever since, and who could not take the Benefit of the last Insolvent Act, being charged in Execution for Sums exceeding £.1,000, or in any other Way that shall seem meet to the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

Troone, and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

fit!

aii

ad

be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors is committed.

A Petition of the Persons confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of Dorchester, in the County of An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open was presented to the House, and read; Complaining

Dorcliefar Debtor Petition.

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Joseph George Pedley, a Prisoner confined for Debt in the King's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has been confined for Debt upwards of Sixteen Years and a Half, for the Sum of£. 3,149. ioj. o

of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Table.

he

upon

the

cs

e-

SL

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and committed Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Bill, reported. Waste Grounds, in Rounds, in the County of Northampton, was re-committed; That the'Committee had further examined, and found that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to fae Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and alftrto the adding of One other Commissioner to the said Bill (except the Proprietors of 721 Acres, or thereabouts, who declared themselves neuter); and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in

hic

Mack! in's Lottery Bill, p relented.

Bolton Terry Inclosure Bill, reported.

RE ta amend

Act relative to Seamen, committtd.

Bill to enable Catholics to serve as Officers, reported.

37 Geo. Ill *

50° Juniu

his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table' Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Adair presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Thomas Mack tin to dispose of his Collection of Modem Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet , by Way of Chance: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadow Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Pari Hi of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had lien complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for " the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for those Purposes, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles William Rouse , according to

Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Petition frorf England trading to the East Indies, was presented to conipmJudli the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for ognmftthrift abolishing the Office of One of the Judges of the Su- iaBj|}cilca' preme Court of Judicature at Cfor enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for diminishing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts respecting the Jurisdiction of the Mayor's Court at Madras and Bombayfor amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the Eo.fi India Company, fora " further Term, the Possession of the British Territories "in India;together with their exclusive Trade, under

" certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and " the better Administration of Justice within the same 3 " for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and " Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the " Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombayand for other Purposes; and Setting forth, That, in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, it will be subversive of the Rights, and injurious to the Interests, of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and'that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Then the said Bill was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved) - That the Bill be Committed. Bill, com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- antte tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morni ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the United Com Petition pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ina '(1reFer' be referred to the Coufidferation of the said Committeej Counsel «- and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, dered-before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Account of Tax upon Dogs to the present Time, so far as the same T onDoet can be made up; and also, the Account of the Game and of Game Certificate Duty for the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1797, be referred to the Consideration of a codulered. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts.

1

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rifing of the House refolm House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. MowU 10

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mem. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddiredfc ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

8 N Mr.

A. 1797-

690

30"

Mr, Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raifrng the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lords have agteed to

fcnftol Roads Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart repotted from the Committee, That he was directed'by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to explain the said Act.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill,ordered, explain the said Act: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr.

Selby Ilitofure Bitt,

Aberdeen Harbour Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/for'd and

Mr. Smith.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth „ -, , it

Vur of the lteigo of His present Majesty, intituled, R?str do "d bring tn, the fame

" An Act; for making and repairing several Roads round " the City of Bristol," and for making, and keeping in , That the Order of the Day, for the House

Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-Common Road, into the Bitton and Tog/iiU Common ie % > be now read.

Road; without any Amendment: And also. And the said Order being read accordingly j

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ordered, That the Estimate of the additional Charge Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- of an Augmentation of One Shilling per Diem to the

Committee of Supply.

American Treaty BUI.

Expiring Laws Bill.

ntoris and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building hew Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening other's, leading to and from the said Harbour; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America; without afly Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an

Estimate of Augmentation to Pay of Artillery,

Pay of the Captain Lieutenants, and First and Second Lieutenants, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and referred' Corps of Royal Engineers, from 25th May to 31st December 1797, both included, 221 Days, be referred to . the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionj which they had-directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

____________ _________ ___ Morning next.

Act,' made b"the Twent"y-sixth YearofThe Reign of . Mr- Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries car- directed by the Committee to move, that they may ried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from have Leave to fit again.

Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in . RefoThat this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Europe; to continue so much of an Act, made in the ,n,g , n??t, resolve itself into a Committee of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, wh e House, to consider further of the Supply granted as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain to is Majesty.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships,

into and from the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second B!|1 for Ex--Antigua; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty- Reading of the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to vhea!°&cf third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,- as per- permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of to Guermey, mits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, columit-

td parry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the Blands of,

and also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the

Aostock Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Committee on Southern Whale Fifti-try.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glals, as was to continue for a limited Time; without any Amendment; And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and mdofing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adfiock, in the County of Buck ingham; with in Artiefidment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengefs withdfew.

.The House was moved, That an Act, mads in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale FHhcries," might be read. And the same being read accordingly j .1 Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third & Reading of the Bill (now irrgrofled) to raise and em- e en body a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

r

G£cK

r ju

Luntey 30 die Julii;

Anno 37° Georgii IIPil Regis, 1797. Prayers.

chiverell In- /TR- Bouverie of Downton reported from the ci >!ure BUJ, J L Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and repo«e4, allotting the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Great and Little Chiverell,in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £. 17. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of 10. 5 s. who were applied to, but could not be seen; and that the Whole Annual Value of Estates to be affected by the Bill amounts to £.1,862. 15 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for empowering the Commissioners to set out Allt m e r.tto the Rector, in lieu of Money Payments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

iordsAmend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the inentto Ad- Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-run-1 t fed. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

' agreed to Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of

Buckingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-Ioweth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 24. 1 After " Fermanagh " insert "of & 25. $ " the Kingdom of ."

The_ said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raunds, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Creatfont in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common p Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln, 1

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Three Roods of Land, who refused. to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of Two Roods, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 830 Acres or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through ti c Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing (he Open Eynefbury in-and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and cloture Bill, Commonable Places, within the Parish of , iri e *

the County of Huntingdon; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 27. After u before" to insert " His *

" Majesty's Solicitor General for " the Time being, or."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in

the County of Huntingdon,

Ordered, That Mr; Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by theif Lordships.

B«und$ 1 - An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com ctojurc Bill, mon aac} Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Pounds, in the County of

Northampton, was read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 17. 1. 17. by leaving out the Words " the " said Impropriator and."

And the Question being put, That those Words (land part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j p' } l8-

Tellers for the Noes, } 8-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative!

Voi>. 52.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmeh of the Pet;t;on from Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County Wakefield of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting " 3 forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive that any Alteration in the now existing Laws concerning the Responsibility of Ship or Sloop Owners for Goods in-trusted to their Care would greatly endanger the Safety of Trade, and become the Source of innumerable Disputes; and that the Petitioners learn, with great Anxiety and Alarm, that the Owners, Mailers, and Mariners of Sloops and Vessels, passing on Rivers where the Tide flows, are endeavouring to exonerate and discharge themselves from the usual Responsibility in same of Lots or Damage (except in Cafes of actual Negligence) and as thele, in moll instances, would be extremely difficult to prove, the offending Party alone being competent to furnish the Evidence required, the Petitioners are of Opinion, that to exempt Inland Carriers by Water from the same Responsibility to

which

v

fyi r

which Garriers by Land are liable (since their Rates are arbitrary, and proportioned to their Rilks) would be to destroy that Confidence and Security so necefi-fary in the Conveyance of Goods both by Land and by Water; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to state, that the Owners of Sloops trading in the Tideway of the River Humber have, within the last Twelve Months, advanced their Rates of Freight from Selby to Hull (being the Course of the Tideway) from Four Shillings and Six Pence per Ton to Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ton, which they deemed fully adequate to their Rifles, and with which the Petitioners have complied: And therefore praying. That the Bill presented to the House in Favour of the Ship or Sloop Owners may not pass into a Law. fvtition from A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Huddersfield Tradesmen of the Town and Parish of Huddersfield, in ©whers Bill. the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships; and Setting forth, That, when the said Bill was first brought into the House, the Petitioners did not make any Objection thereto, but they now learn, with great Anxiety and Alarm, that an Amendment has been made to the Bill, containing Matter quite foreign to its original Object,

namely, to exonerate and discharge from the usual Responsibility, in same of Loss or Damage, the Owners, Masters, and Mariners, of Sloops and Vessels passing on Rivers where the Tide flows, except in Cafes of actual Negligence; and likewise containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And therefore praying, That the Amendment proposed to the said Bill be rejected, and that the Bill, as originally proposed do pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, and

others, feliding at Leeds, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of York, who are deeply concerned in the shipping and receiving Goods by Vessels trading from the Port of Hull, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will materially injure their Interest, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom inasmuch as it will first destroy that Part of the Common Law which charges Carriers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for any Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize while in the Custody, or Under the Care, of such Carriers: Secondly, exonerate all Carriers by Water from Responsibility, not only for Any Damage to, or Loss of Merchandize in their Custody which may have happened previous to this Time, but also from any Loss or Damage which may hereafter happen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Misconduct by such Carriers: Thirdly, charge the Petitioners, and other Shippers of Goods, with Losses which, in many probable Cafes, might, with proper Attention, be foreseen and prevented by the Carriers and their Servants, or against which the Ship Owners can always insure, or indemnify themselves by railing their Freight in proportion to the Risk, while the Petitioners, and other Shippers of Goods, can neither fore- . lee nor prevent the Evil, nor will they have any Means of Redress, but by proving either Misconduct or Negligence in the Matter or Mariners of the Vessels, who being the Persons guilty of such Neglect, it mutt be apparent to the House, that they can never be expected to criminate themselves: Lastly, the Provisions of the Bill extend not only to Vessels trading in Rivers where the Tide flows, but they virtually extend to all Inland Navigation communicating with such Rivers, hecaulc, in same of Loss or Damage to Goods, it will oblige the Owner of them, before he can have any Re-dress from the Carrier, to prove that the Loss or Damage happened out of the Tideway, and it will be . nearly an Imjx>flibility to prove in any same where or

how the Loss or Damage may have happened: And *

JuUi. \ 1797,

therefore praying the House to reject such particular Clauses of the said Bill as relate to Vessels navigating any Rivers, Creeks, Harbours, or any other Place, so far as the Tide flows, and not suffer the same to pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said last mentioned Petition.

A Petition of certain Debtors, on Behalf of them- Another Pefi. selves and others, who are confined for Debt in the tors°Lnthe King's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and King's Bench, read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners have long laboured under the Hardships of Imprisonment for Debtors Bill. Debt, although they have ever been, and are still, willing to surrender their whole Property for the Benefit of their Creditors, and they presume to solicit the Protection of the House under the Bill which is now pending, that they, with others who have been in Confinement, and whole Debts in February 1794 exceeded the Sum then limited by the Act which passed that Session for the Relief of a certain Description of Insolvent Debtors, may become included in the present Bill, to be released from their very long Imprisonment; and that they may be permitted, upon surrendering their whole Property, according to any Order or Direction which may be made in the said Bill, to avail themselves of such an Indulgence, as, without such.

Relief, they have Reason to believe that they can have no other Alternative than to perish in Prison: And therefore praying for such Relief for themselves and their Fellow Sufferers in Distress, who may be disposed to do strict Justice to their Creditors, as to the House may seem most just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors it committed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ings,

Meadow Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Perry, in the County of the City of York, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inefofing, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands,

Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill to prevent the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting J "se0f"e the Names of Witnesses- to Letters of Attorney, or witnesses, or-other Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of dered' Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock: And that Mr.

Rose, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Long, and Mr.

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to infoivfnt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred. the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, benow read.

And

1

Adjourn cd Con side rat ion of Report on Ric«arton and Troone Canal Bill, resumed.

37 Geo. III.

3

/I

ing,

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to amend Act relative to Stamen, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refusing the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a certain Place called Riccarton Bridge, in the County of A, to a Place called The Troone, and for making a Baton and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report. *

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen,

" and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for thol'c Purposes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be now received. '

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported froht the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words this Day Seve'nnight, " and mferting the Words " To-morrovy " Sevennight " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this Day Sevennight " stand part of the Qaeftion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ElfJ

' Tellers for the Noes I Sir mili

1 eiiers for the JNoes, j Mf Baker

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be takeii into, farther Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed.

z8.

14-

Papers or-f dered relative to the Administration of Justice in India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Correspondence between the Court of Directors of the East India Company and the Government of Madras, from the Year 1786 to 179a, relative to the Administration of Justice at that Presidency.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of all the Correspondence between the Court of Directors of the East India Company and the Government of Madras, from the Year 1792 to the Date of the latest Advices received, relative to the Administration of Justice at that Presidency.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies and Extracts of such Parts of the Correspondence and Consultations of the East India Company as relate to the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of,

ceded to the East India Company by the late Treaty with Tip-poo Sultaun.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the 2d and 3d Paragraphs of the Letter

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways Committee of the whole House; to whom it was re- Means' ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed lum to report to the House; which he read in his Place; arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- j eson jesty, every Person who shall keep any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule, charged with a Duty of Two Shillings, by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall yield; and pay Annually, an additional Duty of Three Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which said last mentioned Duty shall be subject and liable to an additional Duty, after the Rate of Twenty Pounds Centum, on the Produce and Amount thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional

from the

Governor General, in Council, of Bengal, in the Law

Department, dated the aoth March. 7?6, relative to tht j ft additionafDuty of Fivi Pounds per

AdiiiKiiftr.itionolJudice within the ancient Limits of TV/- Jh, „„„„ ,k, p„4,r„ ,nA r„.

hcherry, and Copy 01 the Papers referred to therein.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Committee on Inland Navigation Duty Bill.

be charged upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs now due, and payable, to His Majesty, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported The Order of the Day being read, for the House to into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, within this Kingdom, except the Duties of Ten Pounds upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on per Centum, and Five Pounds per Centum, impofecj by Goods conveyed on inland Navigations; an Act of the present Session of Parliament, and also

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, except the Duties on Tea, Sugar, Wine, Tobacco, and

.That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Rose,

Mr. Long: Mr. Ke,

Mr. Hujjey

45 *

14.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

VOL.52.

Callicoes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ptlp ,°n jesty, an additional Duty of Customs of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper which shall be delivered out of any Warehouse to be used and consumed in this Kingdom, which said Duty shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum imposed by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, and also to a further Duty of Five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

8 O That,

ported.

Additional Duty on Coals ex-

fip4 A. 1797-

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, Newcastle Measure, exported from this Kingdom to any Place except to Ireland, the Isle of Ma, any Colony or Planta-

tion in America, or to the United States of which said Duty shall be subjeift and liable to the additional Duty of Five Pounds per imposed by an

Ad of this present Session of Parliament, and also to a further Duty of Five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

«noitod.Coal That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from this Kingdom to any Place, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United States of America, which said Duty shall be subject and liable, to the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, imposed by an Act of this present Sfelfion of Parliament, and also to a further Duty of Five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof.

Annua! Duty Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

n clocks. See. 'phat, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an Annual Duty of Five Shillings for and upon every Clock or Time-keeper, for the like Use or Purpose, by whatever Name the same shall be called, erected, placed, or being, in or upon any Dwelling House, or any Office or Building the reunto belonging, or occupied therewith, or any other Building whatever, whether Private or Public, belonging to any Person or Persons, or Company of Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, or any Parish or Place, or which shall be kept, had, of used, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of Ten Shillings for and upon every Gold or Enamelled Watch of Time-keeper, for the like Use or Purpose, by whatsoever Name the same shall be called, which shall be kept, had, or worn, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for and upon every Silver or Metal Watch or Time-keeper, for the like Use or Purpose, or other Watch or Time-keeper, for the like Use or Purpose, of whatever Materials the same shall be made, and by whatsoever Name the same shall be called, which shall be kept, had, or worn, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain, except Gold or Enamelled Watches or Time-keepers, and except Watches kept for Sale or otherwise in the Course of Trade in the Shop of any licenced Maker of or Dealer in Watches.

Licence Duty Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ««,&cCkmak' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be charged an Annual Duty, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings, on every Licence granted to any Maker of, or Dealer in, Clocks, Watches, or Time-keepers in Great Britain.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dmb°U That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings be charged for and upon every Deed which shall be made in Great Britain.

po. on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Windows. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for and upon every Dwelling House which now is, or hereafter shall be, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having less than Seven Windows or Lights, or which is, or shall be, subject to the Duty 8

upon inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's lleign, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One ShiUing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Shillings.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britan, which shall contain Eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dv That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ten Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eleven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twelve Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Five Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sura of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fourteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, b That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Nine Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, foy every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

D® oh Waichci.

37 Geo. lit.

3

jesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall cpntain Seventeen Windows or Lights, and no more, there Hull be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eleven Shillings and Six Pence.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, window That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

m ow " jesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, dr to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Eighteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence.

D». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nineteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence.

D4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Fifteen Shillings.

D Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'that, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jelhy, for Every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-two Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seventeen Shillings. tP. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which -shall contain Twenty-four Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound and Ohc Shilling.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, Which Hull contain Twenty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound and Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, br to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty Windows or Lights, and which shall not contain more than Thirty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Surli of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence *

P . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

'That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Thirty-nine Windows or Voi. 52.

( 1 . 1 t ♦

Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- uJows. jesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great ;which shall contain Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not Contain niore than Forty-four Windows or Lights, there shall Be paid the additional Yearly Suni of One Pound and Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhibited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Forty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Forty-nine Windows of Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yeariy Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion 0F this Committee, D°-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not Contain more than Fifty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-four Windows or Lights, there /half be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds arid Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be in habited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Si3cty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-nine Windows or Lights; there shall be paid the additioiial Yearly Sum of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain mote than Seventy-four Windows br Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds and Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of shall contain Seventy-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds and Ten Shillirtgs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». Thar, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain- Eighty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Eighty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

j

606 30 Julii. A. 1797.

jesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great which shall contain Eighty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Eighty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Pounds.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Windows. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ninety Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Pounds and Five Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ninety-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

to". Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for everf Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Ten Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nineteen Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Five Pounds and Ten Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Twenty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Six Pounds.

D3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Thirty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Six Pounds and Ten Shillings.

O f i a t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for ever}' Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds.

D». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings.

D > Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be 6

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds and Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- windowt jesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Tea Pounds,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, & That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the said Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, shall be subjerft and liable to an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr.

John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according Bill torero, to Order, a Bill for regulating the Height between f( *

Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of slam, pre-carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa: And the fente<1-fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sop-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hun- cte°r"'tT"n dred and Eighty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Artillery, it. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of additional Pay to the Captain Lieutenants, and First and Second Lieutenants, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Engineers, from the 25th of May to the 31st of December 1797.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is King i Con-concerned in the Bill fur dividing, allotting, and in- {- closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Bill. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Secretary at War (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been

informed

57 Geo. III. 5 — 4

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as his Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

B i for Lx- rcfjlvc it fell into a Committee oi the whole Iloule,

whoanlc! upon the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit toGucmicy, the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, c‘ Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Bariev, or Malt, or Bread,

IBfcuit, or Peas, to the lllancls of Guernsey, Jersey, and Aldernex, for the Suflenance and Uie of the Inhabitants of the said lllands, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblvcd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Ilaufa

Supply. £0 rcf0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Suynlv granted to his Ma-

r\ i A J O

jesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved ilicit into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, Tint they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive . the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refolded}That this 1 [ouse will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

O '

Houie, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

jidii m

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Comm': ice.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Commuted, 1 eat p-1-"/

had made ionic further Amendments to the p‘ which thee had directed iu.:n to report, when me Home wili pl' i'l to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report he received I o-morrow

Morning.

Mr Hobartpresented to the House, according to'

Order, a hill to explain an Act, passed in the Thirty- B:i -utu,ia. fifth Year of His present MaieUy's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for further encouraging and regulating the u Southern Whale Fisheries And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for regulating the flapping Bill for regu-and carrying Slaves in Brilit/i Vessels from the Coalt ot of

Africa, was, according to Order, read the Third Time. Slaves, p-aicJ.

The Amendment following was preposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 19. After " Owners" to insert " of the " Ships or Vessels in which he u has formerly fervech"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

llcfobveJ} That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in Brit f it Vessels from the Coalt of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

On/mr/, That the Bill (now ingrossld) to cnabie Per Bill toenails fons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to serve as jr !lg c( u> Officers in the Provisiona! Cavalry and Supplementary ftloftjftrnd. Militia, be read the Third Time l o-morrow Morning.'

Resolved} 'That this Houie will, upon Wednesday v.f?vsand Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the r~

whole liouie, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to raile and embody Scotch Militia a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great BU1>d«icm:d. Britain called Scotland, be read the Third Time To morrow Morning,

o

National Debt The House was moved. That the Eighth of the Re-Biii,ordered. iGlutions which, upon Mondax laid, were reported from the Committee of the whole liouie, to whom it was referred to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the I Joule, might be read.

And the same was as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as foiluweth; viz. \

" Re/o/ved, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued " and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank " of England, to be by them placed io the Account of " the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National " Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon tk.e said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. life, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

nntted BiuTor Committee of the whole Houie to consider further of indoiiiur the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste

AVaite Lands Lanc]s Commons, Common Fields, and other Com-

> 6 nei. monai0je j an(j5> tn that Part of Great Britain called England by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of tlich Agreement.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 5a.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 40 die Julii;

Anno 370 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

.Prayers.

AMeflhge by Mr. Quran:, Yeoman Usher of the R«vM Afltnt Black Rod: toii;Us

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His M.ijc fly's Commission, for declaring His Royal Alfent to ievcral Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read;

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with thu House, went up to the House of Beers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Define of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Beers, where a Commission under the Great:

Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying tins

8 B Royal

6o8 £ JuliL -A. 1797.

Jtoyal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Kenyon, the Earl Kerr, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America:

An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfounand Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, m Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint Johns, in the 1 Hand of Antigua-, and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Angles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and also so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glals, as was to continue for a limited Time:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate ‘‘ the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons " who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far »S the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to fold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange:

An Act for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: c An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new ltoads and Passages, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour:

An Act for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing several 4‘ Roads round the City of Bristol," and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the Bit ton and Yog hill Common Road:

An Act for vesting the Manors and other Hereditaments, situate in the County of Cambridge, deviled by the Will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Vaffall lately called Sir Godfrey Webjler) Baronet, with Elizabeth Vaffall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry gain; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. z

Mr. Main aring reported from the Committee, to Tax whom the Bill for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the ' rePort£u District called Offices executed in notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into SomerJ'et Place,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sir Henry for appointing Trustees for carrying into Execution Hoghton- certain Trusts and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Hogiton, Baronet, in the room of Samuel

Fenton, Merchant, and Thomas Fenton, Esquire, the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life in the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is feiled in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Samuel Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois Ac was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Macklin's Reading of the Bill for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed vorce Bill. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of SidenhamTeaJl, Merchant, with Eleanor

Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Pinncy's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

Alt pallid.

J

Riccarton and Trojnc Canal Bill, passed.

37 Geo.

4® JuhL

699

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called by

Chattlehold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and Marriage Settlement of John Piuney, Esquire, and Eli-for removing any legal Disabilities that may (land in

beth his Wife, and fittiate in the County of Somerset,in tire Way of l'uch Agreement, was again re-committed, the said John Pinnty, his Heirs, Executors, Admi- the Amendments which the Committee had made to

histrators, and Alligns, discharged from the Uses and the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Trusts by such Settlement limited and declared of the the House; and he read the Report in Iris Place; and fame, and for settling divers other Freehold and Lease- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in hold or Chattlehold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and He- at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were reditaments, of greater Value, situate in the County of Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Dorset, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Com- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-nrittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and upon, were agreed to by the House.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refereed, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to r?eu-Reading of the Bill for regulating the Height between 'for

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of suves com-I.ords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed carrying Slaves from the Coast of be now read. n"tted *

to the lame, without any Amendment.

nrrrmttee on

Iiiolv'-nt Dti>iort» Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Com-

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported From the feili for Ex-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of to Gulrniey,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Houfa resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or &c.reported directed by the Committee to move, that they may Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Bifctiit, or Peas,

to the Islands of Jersey, and Alderney, for the

Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Blands, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal from a certain Place called Riccarton Bridge, in the County of Ayr,to a Place called The Troone, and for making a

Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that tljc Title be. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from a cer- ingrossed. tain Place called Riccarton Bridge, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troone, and for making a Bason and Harbour at the said Place called The Troone, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Fullarton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Accounts of? d?red. Produce of Taxes.

Ff jv.rt Sup-

pi/.

Provision for Militia Officers.

Again rt -

committed Bill for inclosing Wnfte Linds by Agreement, reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable

VOE. 52.

jTncomt and Charge of Consolidated

Ordered, That there be laid before this Housek an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th of July 1797; distinguishing each Quarter; and distinguishing also the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Brcome of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of tund-July 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums awarded Account of the Sums which the Commissioners, under jerAmericui the 7th Article of the American Treaty, have awarded Treaty, to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th July 1797.

Mr. Rose presented to the House according to Or- Clocks, foe. der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open chiverell tn-and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the fe- clofureBiU,

veal

700

Julii.

J.

797

vcral Pari Hies ok'Great Chiver ell and Little Oliver ell, ift the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Great Oiiverell and Little Oliver ell, in the County of Halts.

Ordered, That Air. Bouverie of Doivnton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Nahon.il Debt Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-cicntul. a ppj yor granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be iHiied and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfolved\ That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Additional Cullom Duties Bill, pie-fcnted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coaihvile, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to prevent Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

N-nic orwit a for the better preventing the Forging and Coun-nt-HK pre- terfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attor-iVnted. ney, or other Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament lTvall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thitrfday Alorning next.

BUI to make The House was moved, That an Act, made in the perpetual, A< Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ordered. the Second, intituled, u An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making perpetual the said Act: And that Air. Abbots the Alafter of the Rolls, and Mr. IVigtey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HorseDuty Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill,pi-dented. a g'p for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Hories, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings, by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Alules: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thinfday Alorning next.

I knife Duty Air. Rose presented to the I louse, according to Order, Bill,presented. a ppj for granting to 11 is Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the I louse, according to Order, jvj, r)xiw a Bill for granting to IJ is Majesty an additional Si amp Duty on Deeds: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'Lime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Alorning next.

The House being informed that Air. Given, from the Directors of the Erf India Company, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, prclcnted 10 the lloule, pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. Extracts of Correspondence between the Court of Directors of the East India Company and the Government of Madras, from the Year 1706 to 1792, relative to the better Administration ot Justice at that Presidency: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of all Correspondence between the Court of Directors of the East India Company and the Government of Madras, from the Year 1792 to the Date of the latest Advices received, relative to the better Administration of Justice at that Presidency: And also,

N° 3. Copies and Extracts of such Parts of the Correspondence and Coniultations of the East India Company as relate to the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Malabar, ceded to the East India Company by the late Treaty with Tippoo Suitaun: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the 2d and 3d Paragraphs of the Letter from the Governor General, in Council, of Bengal, in the Law Department, dated the 20th March 179ft, relative to the Administration of Justice within the ancient Limits of Tellicherry: And also, of the Papers re-, ferred to therein.

Ku'erj reluti.--or'

Mice in In-

pi c:t lit. d<

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And thcji he. withdrew.

And the said Lift vyas read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the I [011st.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be lullicient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this SeiTion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Mr. Man-Reading of the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the Note therein mentioned 3 Months, to be marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty in that Bchalt;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, .

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; . )

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The House, according t<j>- Order, resolved itself into Committees a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for jj icaTurc abolishing the Office of One of the Judges of the Su- Bill, preme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain. Cates; for diminishing tho Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts rdpecting the Jurisdiction of the Mayor's Court at Madras and Bombay; for amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the iteign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 44 Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a 44 further Term, the PoHellion of the British Territories in India, together with their excluhye Trade, under certain Limitations; for estabmhing further Regula- tions for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same;

44 for appropriating to certain L fes the Revenues and

44 Profits

37 Geo. III.

4-5°

'701

" Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the " Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and and for

other Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel in Behalf of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mercurii, 50 die julit;

Anno 37® Georgii III'" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

Sill for Admi-nistration of Justice at Madras and Bombay, ordered.

Motion for Bill to regulate T nule

AMelTage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr Tfae P,pyS: *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hortotii in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cambridge Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping Bombay: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir Charles in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cam- . Bill. William Roufe Bougliion, and Mr. Anstruther,do prepare, bridge into the old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, and bring in, the lame. all in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amend-

ment: And also,

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch DilU in a Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried on with Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on 16,7

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Administration of Justice at Madras and

with India, to India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Ma- Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of

be considered in a Committee.

jesty;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating-the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scot; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Weymouth

- - ? - - ~ ---- and Me.'combe

Bill to enable Catholics to serve as Officers, polled *

Act for supplying the Borough and Town of C"r mouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in Bilf, withaa The ingrafted Bill to enable Persons profelling the the County of Dorset, with Water; with an Amend- Amendinent *

Roman Catholic Religion to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and Protestant Difienters, to serve as Officers in the Provisional Cavalry and Supplementary Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch Militia Bill! deferred.

ment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Moore, from Account of the Office of the Commissioners under the American Su®» aw e<1 Treaty, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Amerfcsm at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Treaty, pre-Order, feared.

An Account of the Sums of Money which the Commissioners, under the 7th Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be paid the British Go-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to raise and embody vernment, and the Expences attending the said Com a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great million, to the 5th July 1797.

Britain called Scotland, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Account , is as followeth; viz.

t

VOL. 52.

8 Q ACCOUNT

Petition of Merchants, &c. against the Ship Owners Bill.

Petition from W\ Ivrrh imp ton against

JD° Bill.

703

5° Julii.

A. 1797.

ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money which' the Commissioners, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th July 1797.

The Ship Betfey -

D° Farmer -

— Sally - -

— R Sun -

— Diana - -

— Brothers -

— Bacchus -

« — Neptune -

— Nancy - -

— Bald Eagle

— Barbara -

— Jason

— Phoenix

— Harmony -

— Commerce -

- Furlong, Mailer

- OJborn, D#

- Choate -

- RoJJiter

- Gardner

- Martin -

- Robins- -

- Jefferies

- Potter - -

- Atkins -

- Holland -

- West -

- Gale -

- Robinson

- Grimes

Moiety of the Expences attending the Commission to the 5th Day of 1797, directed by the Treaty to be paid jointly by the Two Countries, including the Salary of the Fifth Commissioner, at £,1,500. per Annum - -

Salaries of the British Commissioners to the 5th Day of July 1797, at £. 1,000. per Annum, each - -- - ....

Sum necessary for Current Contingent Expences ——

Total

Gray's Inn July 5th 1797.

s. d.

6,683 2 6

7,161 12 2

1,189 — 00

1,419 II — 1

201 — 6

Th vn 00 l5 1

5,881 4 6 \

5>2 74 5 6

2,716 — af

120 9 —

743 5 si

631 18 6

99 — — .

3»3J3 16 —

VO H 8

988 7 9

M CO VO — 9

1,000 — —

38>454 14 3l

h±

fT:\[ V UE£S

Fra' Moore,

Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufed4by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the thereunder-ligned Persons, Merchants and Shippers of Goods, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons employing the Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize by Water, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will materially affect their Interests, and the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as a fie it their Interests.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants rdiding at Wolverhampton, and employing Own-

' 9:

ers and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pais into a Law, it will materially injure their Interests, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, inalrnuch as it will, First, completely destroy that Part of the Common Law of the Land, which charges Carriers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize whilst in the Custody, and under the Care of, such Carriers; Secondly, release all Carriers by Water from Responsibility for Damage to, of Loss of Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which has happened previous to this Time; Thirdly, release all Carriers by Water from Responsibility for any Damage to, or Loss of, Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which may hereafter happen.

37 Geo. III.

5°

703

pen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Misconduct several Commercial Houses at Lisbon, shipped sundry by such Carriers; and, consequently, Fourthly, charge Goods, of the Value of £.1,825, on board the Ship the Petitioners, and other Shippers of Goods, with Allas, "John , Mailer, consigned to the Persons

Lodes which, in most probable Cafes, may, by due at Lisbon for whom the same were shipped; and that, Care, be forel'een and prevented by the Carriers and in the latter End of November 1796, the said Ship their Servants, but which the Petitioners, and other failed from the Port of London on her Voyage for Shippers of Goods, cannot have the Power of prevent- , and on the 3th of December run foul of another ing, and may not be able to insure against, but which Ship in the Channel, in consequence of which the Ship Owners may insure against, by railing their (he was totally loft with the said Goods on ooard; Freight in Proportion to the ftilk; Fifthly, if such and that the Petitioners being advised by their Losses happen by the Negligence or Miscondinft of Counsel that, under the Circumstances attending the the Carriers or their Servants, the Petitioners, and Loss of the said Ship, the Owners thereof were liable other Shippers of Goods, will have no Remedy but by to pay the Value of the said Goods to the Petitionproving such Negligence or Miscondinft, the Difficulty ers for the Benefit of the Persons interested therein, of which will be apparent to the House, inasmuch as the Petitioners, in the Month of May last, commenced the Matter and Mariners of Vessels are the only Per- an Action against the said Owners to recover the Va-lbns who are likely to prove, and be guilty of the lue of the said Goods, which Action is now depend-ianie: Lastly, the Provisions of the Bill extend not ing; and that the Bill now depending in the House, for only to Ships upon the High Seas, and Vessels trading giving Relief to the Owners and Masters of Ships, if only in Rivers where the Tide flows, but virtually ex- enacted into a Law, would exonerate the Owners and

Matter of the said Ship Atlas from their Liability to anftver to the Petitioners for the Value of the said Goods, and thereby deprive the Petitioners, and their Correspondents for whom they shipped the said Goods, of the Benefit of the Contracts they entered into with

P iti n f.'C'Tl R'vJvl i!p x-f-iin I th" Ship

Owners Bill.

tend to all Inland Navigation communicating with Rivers where the Tide flows, because, in Cafes of Loss of, or Damage to, Goods, it will oblige the Owner of them, before he can make the Carrier liable, to prove the Lois or Damage happened out of the Tideway, and in many Gales it will be impossible to the Master and Owners of the said Ship by Bills of prove where or how the Loss or. Damage happened: Lading upon the Shipment thereof, or greatly reduce

And therefore praying the House wholly to reject the the Extent and Operation of the said Contracts, and laid Bill, and not fuller the same to pals into a Law. of the Security thereby stipulated for by the Petition-A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ers, and which, as the Law then flood, and now (lands, Tradesimen, of the Town and Parish of Rochdale, in the Petitioners are entitled to claim and enforce, the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the and have commenced their said Action for that Pur-lloule, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said pole; and that the Petitioners are advised, and fub-Bili; and Setting forth. That, when the said Bill was mit to the House, that, whatever Relief Parliament brought in, the Petitioners did not make any Objec- may be pleased to afford to Owners of Ships in future tion thereto; but they now learn, with great Anxiety Cafes, the same ought not to extend to antecedent and Alarm, that an Amendment has been made to the Contracts and Transactions, so as to operate as an ex

post Fasto Law; and that the Petitioners and their

Correspondents at Lisbon, at thcTime the Goods above-mentioned were shipped, acted in Confidence of, and formed their Contracts agreeably to, the Law as it then

Bill, containing Matter quite foreign to its original Object, namely, to exonerate and discharge, from the usual Responfibility in same of Loss or Damage, the Owmers, Masters, and Mariners, of Sloops and Vessels navigating Rivers where the Tide flows, except in Cafes stood, and they hope the House will not deprive them of actual Negligence; and as these, in most Inltances, of the Benefit of Contradts so entered into, nor of the would be extremely ditiicult to prove, the offending Relief which the Law, as it now (lands, entitles them Party alone being competent to furnish the Evidence to in their said Action: And therefore praying, required, the Petitioners are of Opinion, that to ex-, the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the empt Inland Carriers by Whiter from the same Respon- Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, ortheirCoun-Chility to which Carriers by Land are liable (since fel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

their Rates arc arbitrary, and proportioned to their Riik) w'ould be to tlcftroy that Confidence and Security so necessary in the Conveyance of Goods both by Land and by Water; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to date, that the Owners of Sloops, navigating the Tideway of the River Humber, have, within the last Twelve Months, advanced their Rates of Freight from Selby to Hull (being the Course of the

Tideway) from Four Shillings and Six Pence per Ton to Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ton, which they ing of the County of York, and making Compenfiition

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Mr. Wilberforcereported from the Committee, to Pomefrafl,

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, gjj 'omd certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Poniefracl, in the West Rid-

Petition from HiLfox arainife D° Bill.

deemed fully adequate to their liifk, and with which the Petitioners have complied, and that they have always the Power of altering or advancing those Rates so as to be equal with the Ri(k: And therefore praying, That the Amendment, proposed to the said Bill, be rejected, and that the Bill, as originally proposed, may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in

for the Great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of Yanfhelf and Carl cion, within the Parish of Pontefrai7, and also for the Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

the County of York, was also presented to the House, cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

Petition of Mr. Buller, See. atrainlt D°Eiil.

as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of Richard Buller, Hieroninms Burmester,

and Cornelius Buller, of the City of London, Merchants and Partners under the Firm of Richard Buller and Co. was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in OHuber and November 1796, the mm; and that no Person appeared before the Com Petitioners, as the Merchants and Correspondents of mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee Vol. 52. had

Property interested in the Bill, aflelied to the Land Tax at £.21. 141. 10 d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, and others aileffed at £.27. 5 s. per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property is assessed at £.308. 13s. An-

l

Julii.

A. 1797.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ship Owner Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to re committed whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and j repone . ]y|a ers gj1ipS was re-committed; and to whom the

Petition of Richard Bu, Hieronimus Bumester, and Cornelius Buller, of the City of Merchants and

Partners under the Firm of Richard Buller and Company; and also, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants, employing Owners and Matters of Ships in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons employing the Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the Town and Parish of Huddersfield, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, and others, residing at Leeds, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of York, who are deeply concerned in the shipping and receiving Goods by Vessels trading from the Port of Hull, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be- taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Friday" and inserting the Word " Monday " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word M " day " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word "

" day " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were this Day presented to the House against the said Bill, do lie upon the Table until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, be then heard, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against ' the said Petitions.

Bill to be Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the

plrtie«d by tIlC Committee, be printed, at the Expence of the Parties applying for the fame, and be delivered, at the Door, to the Members of the House.

Bill for in- The House was moved. That the Order, made Yes-Xandiby terday, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow, the Agreement, Bill (if ingrossed) for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, deterred. the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Par-§

ties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

Sir James Pu/ieitey reported from the Committee, Earl of Brad-to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, §yf,reE j£l An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the and'pXt late Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of General Harry Pulteney, for the Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with' the Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pulteney do earn,' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill for di6-Twenty-l'econdYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, officersT"" intituled, "An Act for better securing the Freedom of Scotland from " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by yptingatEiecdisabling certain Officers, employed in the Collec- tl0ni' or *

" tion or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from " giving their Votes at such Elections," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Ful-larton, Mr. Anflruther, Sir James Pulteney,' and Mr.

William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nin

Afi

Cr

tr-

ial!

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Yfays and

Means

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report b« received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, pon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-. clocks, &c. cond Reading of the Bill for granting to His. Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, be now c0 read.

And

National Debt Bill, com mined.

Additional Ctiilom Duties Bill, committed.

H'iuft? Duty Bill, com n:;tud.

Supply, deferred.

Committee on Bill to regulate Vends for carrvi:i£ Slaves.

37 Guo. Ill *

' And the said Order being read 'accordingly '

The laid Hill was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolvct!, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rciolve itldt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Bill to mike Order, a Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in the 5 ? A" Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, inti- presented. tided, " An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by BankruptsAnd the same was received; and read the Find Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the lleduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, re lb! vo itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, W arcs, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwite, and on Pepper to be uied and consumed in this kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Rejllvedy That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refoivedy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rciolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole lloule.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rciolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlitler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The, House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 52.

The House, according to Order; resolved itself into Committee oh a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the glifjo'regu-Motion, made Yesterday, That Leave be given to late Trade bring in a Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried With Jlul" on with India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the' Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to' make a Motion when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, rhittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a.

Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried on with India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty. .

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered regulating the Trade to be carried on with India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. A njl rut her, Mr. Secretary Dun-das, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Sir John Day to the Chairman of the East India Company, dated Fort William, the 15th February 1779, on the Defects of the Administration of Justice of Madras.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Pcphnm to the Governor, in Council, of Madras, dated 31st December 17S3, on the Mode of administering Justice among the Natives of the Settlement of Madras.

Letters from Sir John Day, See. relative to the Adminitration of Justice at Madras, ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third scotch Mililia Reading of the ingrafted Bill to raise and embody a Bill> P d-Militia Force in that Fart of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That where any County or Stewartry. shall furnish One or more Company or Companies, the Lieutenant shall appoint the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, preferibing the Method of appointing the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, where more than One County are joined to form the Company.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by W ay of Ryder, directing an Allowance to be made to Schoolmasters, and others, for their Trouble in the Execution of this A<fl.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon 8 R the

Bill for Exportation of Wheat, See. to Guernsey, See. passed.

yo 6 5° — 6° Juki'

Pr. 3. 1. 19.

Pr. 4. ]. 12.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Method of appointing Adjutants.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 10. To leave out from " And " to

" qualified," in 1. 12, and insert " such Officers as shall be " appointed by the Lieutenants " of the Counties and Stewartries, pursuant to the Directions of this Act," instead thereof.

1. 13. To leave out from directed " to " shall," ini. 15.

1. 22. To leave out from " that " to " the " in Pr. 3. 1. 4.

After " Militia " to insert " appointed by the Lieutenant." To leave out from " to " to the second " do " in 1. 17.

1. 18. To leave out " other."

1. 28.,) To leave out "Deputy Lieute-& 29. j " nants."

1. 33. To leave out " or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid."

1. 34. To leave out " or were."

Pr. 6. 1. 29.,) To leave out " and Deputy Lieu-

& 30. j " tenants respectively."

Pr. 10. 1. 40. To leave out " Minister and Kirk

" Session " and insert " Schoolmaster" instead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 8. To leave out " Minister and Kirk

" Session " and insert " Schoolmaster" instead thereof.

To leave out from " the " to " of," in Pr. 12. 1. 1. and insert " Schoolmasters" instead thereof.

To leave out " Ministers and Kirk " Sessions " and insert " Schocflmailers" instead thereof.

To leave out from " Substitute " to " able."

After " Substitute" to insert " being unmarried, and having " no Children born in lawful " Wedlock."

To leave out " Officers " and insert " Captains, Lieutenants, " and Ensigns" instead thereof. Pr. 34. 1. 2. To leave out from " that " to

" his," in 1. 16.

1. 18. To leave out " also."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1. 40.

Pr. 13. 1. 29.

Pr. 15. 1. 35.

1- 39-

Pr. 19. 1. 26.

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat,

Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a limited Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for assessing the Commissioners of Tax office the Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office and their Officers to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Letters from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted the Admini-to the House, pursuant to their Orders, MHcTat°Ma-

Copy of a Letter from Sir John Day to the Chair- dras, pro-man of the East India Company, dated Fort William, fented. the 15th February 1779, on the Defects of the Ad »

ministration of Justice of Madras: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Popham to the Governor, in Council, of Madras, dated the 31st December 1783, on the Mode of administering Justice among the Natives of the Settlement of Madras.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.'

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Julit;

Anno 37 Georgii'IIP" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- pontefrafV, closing, certain Open and Intermixed Lands and &fj. inciomre Grounds within the Township of PontefraEl, in the Bl 'pa e West Riding of the County of York, and making Compensation for the Great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of and

Carleton, within the Parish of Po and also for the Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of PontefraEl, in the West Riding of the County of York, and making Compensation for the Great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of PontefraEl, Tanjhelf, and Carleton,

within

- j

t:

r- li

;ai D fBi

IV: \

Grratford In cloture Bill, p-aicvi.

Petuion from Debtors in Kind's Bench relative to In-lolvent Debtors Bill.

King's Mcffor Vote tf Credit, &c.

Insolvent Debtors Bill, dderreil.

37 Geo. III. 6° Julii. . 707

within the Parish of Pontefract, and also for the Vicarial And the said Order being read accordingly J

Tithes of the said Parish. R That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to ing, resolve itself into the said Committee, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commi tee m An ingrolTcd Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aa closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty- to Seamen. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, tuled, " An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. " and for the better and more effectually manning His Rcfohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the for those Purposes, be now read.

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- And the said Order being read accordingly;

mon Failures, and other Commonable Lands and The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of Lincoln. Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several A Petition of Two hundred Prisoners, and up- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him wards, confined for Debt in the King's Bench Pril'on, to report, when the House will please to receive the since the 1 ft Day of January last, was presented to fame.

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- OrThat the Report be received Tomorrow tioners have been given to understand that the Benefit Morning of the Insolvent Bill, now pending before the House,

is meant to be extended only to the ill Day of Ja- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Minutes of unary last, and, consequently, that such as have be- of Minutes of Lord Hobart, dated October and r °bart *

come Prisoners since that Period will be left in their her 1793, relative to the deplorable State of the Car-present State, without even the most distant Prospect natic and Lanjore, occasioned by usurious Loans, and of Relief; and that the Number of confined Debtors other Circumstances. in that awful Situation, who have been forced into

Prison (from the said ill Day of January to the 29th The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the presented.

Day of May, the last Day of last Easter Term) amounts Directors of the East India Company, attended at the

to Two hundred, and upwards, who are the Victims Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

of Misfortune, and not of Misconduct, Men who have the House, pursuant to their Order,

failed and become involved, entirely from the Uncer- Copy of Minutes of Lord Hobart, dated October and

tainty of all Matters of Trade at the present Mo- November 1795, relative to the deplorable State of the

ment, and the unparallelled Prellure of the Times: Carnati and occasioned by usurious Loans, and

And therefore praying, That the House will take other Circumstances.

their Cale into Consideration, and extend its Hu- And then he withdrew.

manity towards them, as to the House shall seem And the Title of the said Paper was read.

meet. And the said Paper was also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Inftrafiion Table. men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ,llereuPon *

Bill for the better Administration of Justice at Madras Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the and Bombay, That they do make Provision ,in the said House, That he had a Melfage from His Majesty to Bill for preventing Brit if 1 Subjects lending Money to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented any of the Native Princes in without the Con-the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker sent of the Court of Directors of the East India Com- '

(all the Members of the House being uncovered); and pany, or the Governor in Council of any of their Set-is as followeth; viz. tlements.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

GEORGER. to be perused by the Members of the House.

As the State of Public Business may soon enable Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said His Majesty to put an End to the present Session, His Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Majesty thinks it proper to recommend it to the House the Members of the House.

of Commons to consider of making Provision to enable The said Paper is preserved amongst the other H is Majesty to defray such Extraordinary Expences, Papers of this Session.

and to take such Meulures, as the Exigency of Affairs

may require; ami in particular to afiord Ionic pecu- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way niary Assistance, if the Circumstances should appear Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, to His Majesty to require it, to His Ally the Queen ferred tb consider further cf Ways and Means for raising of Portugal, for the Defence of her Dominions against the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions any Attack from the Common Enemy. which the Committee had directed him to report to

G. R. the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious read; and are as followeth; viz.

Me 11 age be referred to the Consideration of the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery, mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred and Forty-six thousand jesty. Two hundred and Fifty Pounds be raised by Way of

Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty-five thousand Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Tickets, at Eleven Pounds and Fifteen Shillings each;

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on

to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Infol- or before the 7th Day of this Instant July, make a

vent Debtors, be now read. Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of

Vol. 52. One

Frch'

Bills.

qu£r

Allow to Mil Officer

708

6° Julii.

A.

1797.

mces

»'u

One Pound and Five Shillings, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said CVdhiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say;

£. I. 10 s. on or before the 1 ith Day of August next;

£.2. on or before the 8th Day of September next;

£.2. on or before the 24th Day of October next; .

£.2. on or before the 24th Day of November next;

£.3. on or before the 16th Day of January 1798:

And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors lb completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1797, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on, or at any Time alter the ill Day of July 1798, as loon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cdihiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this Home in this Session of Parliament That every Contributor, who shall -pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Six hundred and Forty-six thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, at any Time on or before the 24th Day of November 1797, shall be allowed an In tore ft, by Way of Discount, alter the Rate of £.3. per Centum per Annum on the Sum lb completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day cf completing the same to the 16th Day of January 1798.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum ot Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Seffiori of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of ‘January 1798, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, for the Year 1797, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl cf Mornington, Mr. John Thomas Tonnnd.end, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Dou-las, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rfe, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Karl of Mornington, Mr. John Thomas Tovnnfhcnd, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Rcfohirions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rfe, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

repo; led.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick do make the Report raft In.ila from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the [! KutUri Bill for abolishing the Oiiice of One of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for diminishing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts respecting the Jurisdiction of the Mayor's Court at Madras and Bombay; for amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Pofteifion " of the British Territories in India, together with their " exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for " establishing further Regulations for the Government " of the said Territories, and the better Administration u of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain L ies the Revenues and Profits of the said Compuny; and for making Provision for the good Order " and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras,

" and Bombay;" and for other Purposes, was committed,

Mr. Brodrick accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The 11oufe divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp n r ., v f Mr. Secretary Dundas, )

1 oilers ior the leas,-! 7, , \ 2?.

( Mr. Ryder: )

Cl

h

Iu

k

Mr. Kiel caffe of Abhiv-

Tellers for the Noes,

\ . J "

(Mr. Nicholas Vunfittart:

So it ivks resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

tea

the

V;

Bill for Ad-imniftrati&n of Justice at Ma dras and Bombay presented.

Mr. Secretary Dundas printed to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Administration of 'Justice at Madras and Bombay, and for preventing TBritish Subjects lending Money to any of the Native Princes in India, without the Content of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

O #

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the Iloule, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried on with India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill w nuke Reading of the Bill to make perpetual an Act, paired

in committed.

Bill to restate Trade an ith India,

present'd.

Cirv

K

e

37 Geo. III.

6° Ju

7 °9

in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of " Frauds by Bankrupts,'' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-nfotrow Morning.

Additional Custom Duties Bill, de-

OrJcr for Bilt to extend ASt relating to Copper Coin, discharged %

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 2 2d Day of June last, " That Leave be given to

The Order oFthe Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional fared. Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried

<4

4(

bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His this Kingdom;

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

effectually preventing the counterfeiting the Cop- ' ——

per Coin of this Realm," to the Copper Coin of this Realm, of every Denomination," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

BUt to prevent counterfeiting Coin, ordered;

Coaimittec on finances of India, deferred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made, or to be made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobarty do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Finances of India,

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for House Duty granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on 1 inhabited Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. . r

Mr. Hobarty according to Order, reported from the Bill to regu-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for kfe Vessels

for carrying

Resolved, That this House will Upon Monday Mom- regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered shves porN

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to prevent forging the Names of Witnesses, committed.

o a # oiuv

outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the ed. Coast of Africa, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

A Bill for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be made transferable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer

of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, the House. was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Horse Duty BiH, committed.

Committee on National Debt BilL

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horles, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of H is present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Vox.. 52.

Ordered, That Mr. Manners Sutton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, Merchants, Petition from and Principal Tradesmen, of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; again ship

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Owners Bill. Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will materially injure the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom, and the Interests of all Persons employing Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize; for, by subverting that Part of the Common Law of the Realm which makes Carriers by Water responsible to Shippers of Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize whilll in their Custody or Care, the moll dangerous and ruinous Consequences will naturally result to the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom, by creating at leall an Indifference in the Minds of all Owners and Mailers of Vessels, whether they deliver their Cargoes in good

8 S Condition,

710

6" — 7°

r797'

Condition, and free from Embezzlement, or not; for, when the Liability which now attaches to the Carrier is done away, there \yill be little or no Security to the Shipper, and, when it is considered what numerous Robberies and Purloinings are even now committed under the present existing Laws, the Consequences to aril'e from the depending Bill are very seriously to be dreaded; and that although by the proposed Bill the Responiibility will be continued to all Mailers and

And he moved the House accordingly; and A Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Southern Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging- and regulating the nutted.'COm " Southern W.hale Fisheries," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the- Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Owners working Ve fills out of the Tideway, yet a very ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, serious Mischief and Difficulty will arise to the Shippers upon the said Bill, of Goods on Inland Navigations, for there are very' few

Rivers that are not extensively affected by the Tide, and particularly the River Trent, which now communicates with moll of the principal Towns in the Kingdom, as the Tide entering the Humber flows up the Trent to a Distance from the Sea of not lets than Eighty Miles: And therefore, in same of Loss or Damage to any Goods delivered at Newark, Nottinghamor any other Place farther dillant from the Sea, the Owners of such Goods would be obliged to prove that the Loss or Damage happened out of the Tideway, which may, in many Cafes, be impossible, and besides there would be an extreme Difficulty in proving such Damage or Loss, whether the same happened in or out of the Tideway, so as to attach it to the Mailer or Owner of the Vessel, as the only Evidence, in moll Inllances, that could be produced in Favour of the Shipper, mull be from the very Persons to whose Care and Custody the Goods were committed, and who may have been guilty of the Fast: And therefore praying the House wholly to reject the said Bill, and not fufter the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Bill to permit

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to llamp Bills of Exchange, Notes, Deeds, and other Inllru- tompedfor-ments, in the Cafes therein mentioned: And that Mr. dered. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, die Julii;

Anno 370 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 - Prayers.

Burfledon

MR. George Hairy Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over feponecL

Petition from Grantham aermntt Ship Owners Bill.

Burjledon River, at or near the Ferry' of Burfledon, in the County of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River It chin, at or near Nor- Mr. Manners Sutton have Leave to tham, within the Liberties of the Town and County of

the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the A Petition of the Alderman, Comburgeffes, Burgef- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; fes, and other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Gran- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, tham-, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; had directed him to report to the House; and he Setting forth. That a Bill is now depending in the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered House, on the Application of the Ship Owners of Hull, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, Tint make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

and others, for relieving them, to a certain Degree, from their llefponfibility as Carriers for the Goods committed to their Care; and that the Object of this Application, if granted, would, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, tend to the Subversion of many of the Commercial and Insurance Laws now existing, and to the Introduction of innumerable Difficulties and Impediments in the extensive Intercourse now carried oh between one Part of the Country and another, through the Medium of the Coasting Trade; and that, inasmuch as the Ship Owners concerned in this Trade are amply remunerated for the llefponfibility they afford, and to exonerate them from such llefponfibility would operate greatly to the Prejudice of the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom in general, and of the Petitioners in par-

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

Mr. Fullarton presented to the House, according Bill for ditto Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- atiling Re-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- SMttad tituled, " An Act for better securing the Freedom of fromvotingat " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by dif- p d.

" abling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or " Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections," by extending the

ticular, the principal Part of whose Merchandizes being Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of

Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

conveyed by Sea, would be exposed to frequent Loss and Damage without the Means in the Petitioners of either Prevention or Redrels: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Commit! ec, to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That Motion.

Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, imolvent to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent 1 '

Debtony be now read.

And

House rcfblvcs to mPouni to Moivl.iy.

Petition frurt Notrinjvun ary.uml SMip Owners Bill *

Bill to prevent counterfeiting Coin, present-Cd.

Militia Subalterns Bill, p relented.

37 Geo. III. 70 Julil 711

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The 1 louse reiolved itself into the said Committeej

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobartreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Ilouie this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the thercunder-signed Persons, Merchants redding at Nottingham, and employing Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill forgiving Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth, That, it the said Bill should pals into a Law', it will overthrow a main Pillar of that System under which Commerce has been reared and supported, and, by lapping Security, will enervate Enterprize, to the manifell Injury of the Kingdom, both with regard to the Property of Individuals and the Revenue of the State; and that the Ship Owners and Mailers, with the Law in View (as it now ilands) are impelled by Interest to be careful in the Chuice of the Mariners, and to be vigilant over their Conduct, in which elfential Points of Duty it is evident they would relax, if released from Responsibility; the same Realoning fully applies to the State and Condition of the Shipping employed; and the Petitioners observe, that the Modification of the Bill in the Committee, which confines its Operation to the high Seas and Tideway of Rivers, is not an useful Modification to the Inhabitants of Nottingham or any other Inland Situation, because it is, in moll Inllances, impossible to ascertain on what Part of the Navigation the Loss or Damage was sustained; and that the Petitioners forbear commenting on the Injultice of introducing an ex pqd Facio Law, or the Clause giving Damages in Cafes of wilful Neglect, as it is palpable that Persons guilty of Neglect will not criminate themselves, and through no other Channel can Evidence flow': The Alarm of the Petitioners is created by the Principle of the Bill; which no Melioration can render safe: And therefore praying, That the Ship Owners and Mailers may not be released from that Responsibility which the Law now enjoins.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made, or to be made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin: And the same was received; and read the Firfh Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 52. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply‘ to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he w'as directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4 .

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refohitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Clocks, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de *

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more sevent effectually to prevent the administering of unlawful oaths, order-Oaths: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor !

Qcneral, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from Bill to amend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill re-l° to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the ported. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better " and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for those Purposes,

W'as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

713

7° Julii.

A. 1797.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Estimateof

Command, "j~""

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted. ....

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Estimate of proposed Allowances for fundiy Corps Cmiry.pre-upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be of Volunteer Cavalry. iented-

then ingrossed. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of proposed Allowances for sundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry.

THE Amount of the Allowances proposed to be made towards defraying the Charges of Cloathing and Accoutrements for sundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry, is estimated on an Average at Thirty thousand Pounds.

Treasury Chambers, July 7th, 1797.

tdeorge Rose.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Deeds Duty Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bin, commit- Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for in- Ordered, That the order of the Day, for the Third LwdsSbWafte heading of the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting,

- Agreement, and inclosing, the Waste Lands, Commons, Common puled. Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Agreement amongst the Parties interested therein, and for removing any legal Disabilities that may stand in the Way of such Agreement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for defraying the Expences of carrying the Act into Execution.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste Lands, Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in England and Wales, by Agreement amongst the Parties intere'sted.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to prevent Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-

o'rt's'pre- cording to Order, a Bill for more effectually prevent-fcuteJ. ing the admin! lie ring of unlawful Oaths: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

National Debt Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bui, reported. coinmjttce of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for 8 - .

the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be' then ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the House Doty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rcpon' granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendriients were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Lottery Bill, a Bill for granting to His Majesty. a certain Sum of Preftute<1, Money to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House *

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bankrupt Art upon the Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in the PerBttual Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Richards, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Richards, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him

to

37 Geo. III.

7° — i o° .

7 3'

to report the same to the House, without any Amendment :And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Exchequer Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bills Bill,pre- a gjj por a certain Sum of Money by Loans or

tlUe ' Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rt'fo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered ', That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to TaxesonDogs resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ami on Game to consider of the Account of the Produce of the Tax pu or F or'a upon Dogs to the present Time, so far as the same can Month. be made up; and also, the Account of the Game Certificate Duty for the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1797; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for Ad- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second uTiceat°n ° Riding of the Bill for the better Administration of Madras and Justice at Madras and and for preventing

ferred?7' de" British Subjects lending Money to any of the Native Princes in India, without the Consent of the Court of Dire eft ors of the East India Company, or the Governor

in Council of any of their Settlements;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next?

foiKT The order.°fthe Day being read, for the House to Names of Wit- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fared? de upon the Bill for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferrable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Horse Duty The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill, deterred. ref0ive itffilf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other OrderNof the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the w iudeiF'<herv whole House, upon the Bill to explain an Act, passed Bill. in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morninj next. Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 52.

Lunas 10° die Julit Anno 37° Georgii III,n Regis, 1797 - Prayers.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, within Hallamshire, in the County of fork, and of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen,oftheTown and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth, That the same will, if passed into a Law, essentially injure the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, for the following Reasons: First, that it releases all Owners and Mailers of Ships or Vessels from Responsibility for any Damage to, or Loss of, Merchandize in their Custody, which may hereafter happen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Misconduct by such Owners and Mailers; and, although the Onus probanda, in same of such Damage or Loss, is to fall entirely upon the said Owners and Mailers, the Petitioners conceive that this obviates in a very imperfect Manner the general Objections to the Principle of the Bill, which tends to endanger the Safety of Trade, and to become the Source of innumerable Disputes: — Secondly, That it also operates as an ex FaSio Law, by releasing Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels from Responsibility for Damage of Merchandize which has happened previous to the Time of passing the said Act, and therefore appears highly objeftionable in this Point of View: — Thirdly, That although the Provisions of the Bill extend only to Ships upon the High Seas, and to Vessels trading in Rivers where the 'Fide flows, yet virtually they extend to all Inland Navigations communicating with Rivers where the said Tide so flows, becaufeof the Difficulty of ascertaining at what particular Part of any River the said Loss or Damage may happen, and whether out of the Tideway or not: — Fourthly,'That the Petitioners against the Bill throughout the Kingdom have not had sufficient Time or Opportunity afforded them to oppose the same with every Argument which may be adduced against it, and therefore that, in a Matter of such great Commercial Import, the Bill should not, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, on any Account, be suffered to pass into a Law this Session: And therefore praying the House to reject the said Bill in toto.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants, and others, residing in the Borough of Penryn, and employing Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels, in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a. Law, it will materially injure their Interests, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, inasmuch as it will, First, completely destroy that Part of the Common Law which charges Carriers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize, whilst in the Custody, and under the Care, of such Carriers: Secondly, release all Carriers by Water from Responsibility for Damage to, or Lois of Merchandize in their Custody, and under the:r Care, which has happened previous to this Time: Thirdly, release all Carriers by Water from Responsibility for any Damage to, or Loss of, Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which may hereafter happen, except in Cafes of Negligence and Misconduct by such Carriers; and consequently, Fourthly, charge the Petitioners, and other Shippers of Goods, with Losses which, in most probable Cafes, may, by due Care, be foreseen and prevented by Carriers ana their Servants, but which the Petitioners, and other Shippers of Goods, cannot have the Power of prevent-

8 T inS>

Petition frorri Hallamshire against Ship Owners BilL

Petition from Penryn against D . Bill.

Petition from Birmingham against Ship Owners Bui *

Petition from Faversham against D°

Petition from Norwich a-

gainit D° Bill.

7x4 100 Julii. A. 1797.

ing, and may not be able to insure against, but which Bill was re-committed, be taken into further

the Ship Owners may insure against by raising their Consideration.

Freight in Proportion to the Rilk: Fifthly, if such

Losses happen by the Negligence or Miscondud of the A Petition of sundry poor and unfortunate Insolvent Marfiaith Carriers, or their Servants, the Petitioners, and other Debtors in the Marshalsea Prison, was presented to the Shippers of Goods, will have no Remedy but by prov- House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the Re- vilion in in-ing such Negligence or Miscondud, the Difficulty of lief of Insolvent Debtors; and Setting forth, That, Debtors Bill which will be apparent to the House, inasmuch as the from the Peculiarity of the unfortunate Situation of Mailers and Mariners of Vessels are the only Persons the Petitioners, they will not be able to receive any who are likely to prove, and be guilty of, the fame; Benefit by the same if it should pass into a Law as it is and, Lastly, the Provisions of the Bill extend not only at present framed; that the Petitioners have each to Ships upon the High Seas, and Vessels trading only of them been confined previously to January last, but in Rivers where the Tide flows, but virtually extend to charged in Execution lince the 12th Day of May; and all Inland Navigation communicating with Rivers where that they have respectively given up all their Etf'eds to the Tide flows; because, in Cafes of Loss or Damage their Creditors, to enable, them to sue for Subsistence to Goods, it will oblige the Owner of them, before under the Lords Ad, and there is not any of them who he can make the Carrier liable, to prove the Loss or receive Subsistence, under the said Act, upon more than Damage happened out of the Tideway, and in many one Action; and that the Petitioners have a Hope the Cafes it will be impossible to prove where or how the House will relieve them by inferring a Clause, especially Loss or Damage happened: And therefore praying the to affect the Prisoners of the , being a Pri-

House wholly to reject the said Bill, and not suffer the vileged Court, who now are, and have become, charg- ' same to pass into a Law. ed in Execution flnee they have respectively been con-

A Petition of the Merchants, Fadors, Manufacturers, fined; and that the Bill, as it at present Hands, will and Traders, residing at Birmingham, and employing relieve only Eight Prisoners out of upwards of Sixty:

Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Car- And the Petitioners therefore, with humble Confidence, . riage of Goods and Merchandize, whose Names are submit their same to the Humanity of the House, re-thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, lying on Relief.

and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the as the last preceding Petition. Table.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, being Shippers of Goods within the Port of Faversham, in the An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge over Burfledon

County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and River, at or near the Ferry of Burjleden, in the County Bl11 read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Set- of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intending forth, That Ship Owners and Sloop Owners will ed Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near with-

be thereby released from all Responsibility for any in the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town Damage to Goods, and every Rife will be thrown upon of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to the Shippers, unless attual Misconduct can be proved Litchfield, in the said County of Southampton, was read on the Part of the Owner, Matter, or Mariners, of the the Third Time.

Ship; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that, in Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ahnoft every Cafe, it will be impossible for the Owners be, An Act for building a Bridge over Burfledon River, of Goods to obtain a Proof of Misconduct, as the Fast at or near, the Ferry of Bttrjledon, in the County of Southern only be substantiated by those who are concerned ampton, and for making a Road from the intended in it; and that the necessary Consequence will be, that, Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, with-by estroying Responsibility, due Care will not be taken in the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town in conveying Goods to the Places assigned with Safety, of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to whereby great and inevitable Losses will ensue to In- Litchfield, in the said County of Southampton. dividuals, which no Endeavour or Attention on their Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the

Part can prevent: And therefore praying, That the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

said Bill may not be passed into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Mer- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to rr-u-chants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing at Reading of the Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried l h ndu, Norwich, and employing Owners and Mailers of Ships on with India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with committed, and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, His Majesty, be now read, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also And the said Order being read accordingly; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, The said Bill was read a Second Time, if the same should pals into a Law, it will materially Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

injure their Interests, and the Commercial Interests of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

this Kingdom, as it will completely destroy that Part of the whole House.

of the Common Law of the Land which charges Car- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday riers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such whole House, upon the said Bill.

Goods whilst in the Custody, and under the Care, of ._

such Carriers, by releasing all Carriers by Water from Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second "onT being accountable for Damage to, or Loss on, Mer- Reading of the Bill for the better Adrninistration of justiceatMa-chandize in their Custody and under their Care, which Justice at and Bombay, and for preventing w "dmBom"

has happened previous to this Time, or may hereafter British Subjects lending Money to any of the Native mined, happen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Miscondutl Princes in without the Consent of the Court of

by such Carriers, which the Petitioners will have great Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor Difficulty in proving, inasmuch as the Matters and in Council of any of their Settlements, be now read.

Mariners of Vessels are the Persons likely to be guilty And the said Order being read accordingly;

of the Neglect, and yet to them only it appears they The said Bill was read a Second Time.

can apply for Redress of such Neglect: And therefore Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

praying the House wholly to reject the said Bill, and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-

not to fuller the same to pass into a Law. mittee of the whole House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday lie upon the Table, until the Report which was Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the j made from the Committee, to whom the said whole House, upon the said Bill.

i Ordered,

W

fan

piiicJ

Th? L

CCJ

% k ;ir'i

P.r

k

3 7 Geo. III.

I o° Julii.

7 5

East India Judicature Bill passed.

Saltcoats Harbour Bill

Bill for regulating the flapping of Slaves.

Fife Roads Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the R«n0rt Wm Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for abolishing the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re a< Mtans-Office of One of the Judges of the Supreme Court of ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions ' Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain which the Committee had directed him to report to Cafes; for diminishing the Expence of the said Court, the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards and of Proceedings therein; for removing Doubts re- delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same spefting the Jurisdiction of the Mayor's Court at Ma- were read; and are as followeth, drasand Bombay, for amending and explaining an Act, Resolved, That it is the Opiriion of this Committee, Charginead-made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre- That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Ma-lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the jesty, there be charged upon, and paid to His Majesty, Vants. r"

" East India Company, for a further Term, the Pof- His Heirs, and Successors, by every Person who shall

" session of the British Territories in India, together retain and employ more than One Male Servant, with- with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; in the Kingdom of Great Britain (except Servants re.

" for establishing further Regulations for the Govern- tained or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry ment of the said Territories, and the better Admi- or Manufactures, or of any Trade or calling by which " nillration of Justice within the same; for appropriat- the Mailer or Millrefs of such Servants earn a Liveli *

" ing to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the hood) the several additional Yearly Sums following;

" laid Company; and for making Provision for the good that is to lay, for Two Male Servants the Sum of Ten Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Shillings each; for Three, and not more than Four " Madras, and Bombayand for other Purposes, be Male Servants, the Sum of Fifteen Shillings each; for

now read. Five Male Servants, and upwards, the Sum of One

And the said Order being read accordingly; Pound each; which said additional Duties shall be

The laid Bill was read the Third Time. subject and liable to an additional Duty of Twenty

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount there be, An Act for abolishing the Office of One of the of.

Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D onHorf«j, for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Mareturning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for diminishing jesty, ever}'Person who shall keep and use more than the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of Rid-therein; for amending and explaining an Act, made ing, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or any other Carriage,

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the by whatsoever Name such Carriage is now, or hereafter " East India Company, for a further Term, the Pof- maybe, called or known (for or in respect whereof any " fession of the British Territories in India, together Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limita- Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to, and " tions; for establishing further Regulations for the under the Management of, the Commissioners for the " Government of the said Territories, and the better Affairs of Taxes, is payable) shall be charged with a " Administration of Justice within the same; for ap- further additional Annual Duty of Five Shillings for " propriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding; which said Duty " of the said Company j and for making Provision for shall be subject and liable to an additional Duty of " the good Order and Government of the Towns of Twenty Pounds Centum on the Produce and Amount " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombayand for other thereof.

The lai4 Resolutions being severally read a Second the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Don g/as, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

and bring in, the

Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary do carry

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord A Message

have agreed to WilniOt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have_ agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintain- Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare; ing, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr; fame.

without any Amendment: And also. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chan-Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in cellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; without any John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Amendment: And also, Mf. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing

~ " "" D'J__TPf. A/Till L

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ReportSupply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie'' % Mill, In- to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-' ' '' " ' jcRy» the Resolution which the Committee had direct-

ed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Croydon fn-closure Bill, with Amendments.

" verkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, and

" meron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads, in the " County of Fife," and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds of Surrey

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For AiHfence That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be in the Queen granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to afford &c.0UUK ' some pecuniary Assistance, if the Circumstances should within the Parish of Croydon, in the County appear to His Majesty to require it, to His Ally the with some Amendments; to which Amend- Queen of Portugal, for the Defence of her Dominions

ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vo.L. S2

against any Attack from the Common Enemy, and to enable His Majesty to defray such Extraordinary Expences

7i 6

Committee of Supply.

Estimate of Allowances to Volunteer Ca-▼alry, referred.

Commitee of Ways and Means.

IO

Julti.

A.

1797.

Insolvent Debtors Bill, reported.

pences, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may reguire.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of proposed Allowances for sundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart, reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for relieving Persons in Pril'on before a certain Time, and for a Sum to be limited.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

for the Relief of certain Persons confined in the Gaol of York, being Quakers, for Non-payment of Tithes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to regulate Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for pallia, the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. William Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Irfai

fitK

Bill;

4

Bill to prevent unlawful Oaths, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the administering of unlawful Oaths, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ';

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to prevent Reading of the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made, or to be made, mitted. current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or.

Silver Coin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lottery Bill,' Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a t0lulIutte'1 certain Ijum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Cr.

/133J

IndJ

A::

C.;u

Elf

b:r.

21:;

SctL

L-r

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the'Committee, That they

had

Committee on Deeds Duty Bill *

37 Geo. III.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

inland Navi- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into §ii|IOI>at off for further Confederation the Report from the Committee ThretMonthT. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Goods conveyed on Inland Na- vigations, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

shipowner The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill,poitpon- £urtlier Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Masters of Ships, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed till 'after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to India de of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to terred. ' take into Consideration the State of the Finances of India,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Additional The Order of the Day being read, for the House to CuitomDuties resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, deterred. Upon tp,e g;jj for granting to His Majesty additional

Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bin for dif- A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second

nuc"jrtkersfin Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Scotland from " An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elec-Ekdfuns ons of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling

committed. " certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Ma-

* nagement of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving " their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provilicns thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Su- A Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to oomanitted111, Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clocks, ire. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

deferred'1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 52.

VI

The Bill, now ingrafted, to amend an Act, made in mv/ (0 amend the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present mufpdk'jU Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement " of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually " manning His Majesty's Navy, " and for making further Provision for those Purposes, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That "the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen,

" and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, for granting to His Majesty Nationai bebt the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be Bill» issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, for granting to His Ma- Housebuty jesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses, 1 ,p was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans Exchequer or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Bill to prevent better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names5of Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other witneiTej. Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House.resolved itself into a Committee of the oa

8 U whole jS&gii.

Petition from Manchester against Ship Owners Bill.

Petition from London, Westminster, &c. against D Bill.

718

to0 Juki.

A. 1797.

whole 'House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horics, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they Jiad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships, was re-committed, being read;

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Traders, of the Town of Manchester, employing Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Conveyance of Goods, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Consequences mutt seriously affect the Safety of their Trade, as well as the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom at large; and that the protective Security of the Common Law, under which Carriers by Water are responsible for the Loss or Damage of Goods entrusted to their Care, would be subverted, and such Carriers would be fully exonerated from the Losses and Damages already happened, and also (except in Cafes of their Neglect or Misconduct) those which may hereafter happen; and that the Difficulty of making out by Proof any Negligence or Misconduct of the Carriers, or their Servants, will for the most Part operate as a complete Bar to the Claim, the Matters and Mariners, with whom the Culpability will generally rest, being the only probable Witnesses capable of furnishing sufficient Evidence of the Fact; and that the proposed Abridgment of Responsibility will evidently render more frequent Lottes, which a careful Attention in the Carriers and their Servants might probably have avoided; and, wfiilft the Shippers are unable to prevent such Losses, or reduce them by Insurance, the Ship Owners, by proportioning the Freight to the Risk, may be amply insured; and that, if those, who claim for Losses against Carriers on Inland Navigations, are bound to prove that such Losses happened out of the Tideway, this Fact cannot in many Instances be shewn, for, as the Bill extends to Rivers where the Tide flows, it will also in Effect extend to Inland Navigations communicating with Rivers where the Tide flows, and the Bill, if fanCtioned by the Legislature, would otherwise become the Source of much Litigation: And therefore entreating the House, That they will not permit the above-mentioned Bill to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants reading in the Cities and Suburbs of London and IV

minster, and the Borough of , and employing

Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will materially injure their Interests, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, inasmuch as it will, First, completely destroy that Part of the Common Law which charges Carriers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize whilst in the Custody, and under the Care, of such Carriers: Secondly, release all Carriers by

Water from Responsibility for Damage to, or Loss of Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which has happened previous to this Time: Thirdly, release all Carriers by Water from the Responsibility for any Damage to, or Loss of, Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which may hereafter happen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Misconduct by such Carriers; and consequently. Fourthly, charge the Petitioners and others. Shippers of Goods, with Lottes which, in most probable Cafes, may, by due Care, be foreseen and prevented by the Carriers and ,their Servants, but which the Petitioners and others.

Shippers of Goods, cannot have the Power of preventing, and may not be able to insure against, but which the Ship Owners may insure against by railing their Freight in Proportion to the Riik: Fifthly, if such Lottes happen by the Negligence or Miscondud: of the Carriers or their Servants, the Petitioners and other Shippers of Goods will have no Remedy but by proving such Negligence or Misconduct, the Difficulty of which will he apparent to the House, inasmuch as the Matter and Mariners of Vessels are the only Persons who are likely to prove and be guilty of the fame:

Lastly, the Provisions of the Bill extend not only to Ships upon the High Seas, and Vessels trading only in Rivers where the Tide flows, but virtually extend to all Inland Navigations communicating with Rivers where the Tide flows, because, in Cafes of Loss or Damage to Goods, it will oblige the Owner of them, before he can make the Carrier liable, to prove the Loss or Damage happened out of the Tideway, and, in many Cafes, it will be impossible to prove where or how the Loss or Damage happened: And therefore praying the House wholly to reject the said Bill, and not suffer the same to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Mer- Petitions from chants and Manufacturers redding at Bury, employing ®ury a"d Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the against shTp Carriage of Goods and Merchand ize: And also, Owners Bill.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants residing at Heyte/bury, in the County of Wilts, and employing Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Merchants, Ma- Petition from nufadturers, and other Traders, of the Town of Bolton, ! 1>agaui11 employing Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods by Water, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That extensive Injuries to the Petitioners Trade, and the general Commercial Interests of the Kingdom, mutt necessarily arise from the Operations of the said Bill, in case the same should pass into a Law; and that, independent of the immediate Mischiefs relulting from the Destruction of the Common Law, a6 applied to the Responsibility of Carriers, the Difficulty of adducing satisfactory Evidence in Cafes of actual Negligence or Misconduct, to which Responsibility is proposed to be confined, would generally defeat the just Claims for Compensations, in respect of the Loss or Damage occasioned by either of those Causes; and that, as a proportionate Advancement of Freight affords Means of Indemnification to the Carrier, whilst the Shippers may be unable to inlure against Losses, which, under the legislative Authority now fought for, they would be bound to l'ultain, and as those Losses are more likely to occur by diminishing the established Responsibility of the Carrier, the Petitioners on thele Grounds submit the Justice and Propriety of continuing such Responsibility unaltered; and that, by necessary Construction, the Bill appears to extend to Inland Navigations communicating with Rivers where the Tide flows, and, if fane-tioned by Law, would, in various Respects, occasion

infinite

PrttK

fcurt

rcu h

jfeipC

Sill.

jfesai

fcjru

seidi

yr.H

fcC!

Hr *

3 7 Geo. III.

to'

ii

Juki.

7 9

infinite Litigation: And therefore

Petition from Knare (borough against Ship Owners

>hip

Kill.

Letter from Mr. Hatfell, the Clerk of this House, to Mr. Speaker *

praying, That the vidual Member of the House, the grateful Sense I shall Bill may be entirely rejected by the ‘House. always entertain of thevery favourable Manner in which

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other my Services have at all Times been accepted. Inhabitants, of the Borough of Knaresborough, in the To you, Sir, I am particularly indebted for the re-County of York,was likewise presented to the House, peated Marks of Attention and Friendship; which I and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Set- have uniformly received, ever fmce you were placed in ting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, that Station, which you fill with so much Honour to it would take away that Responsibility which now at- yourself, and with so much Advantage to the Publick.

Report on D Bill further considered *

taches to Owners and Matters of Ships for the Goods committed to their Care, and would be highly detrimental to the trading Concerns of this Country, and , be the Source of much Litigation; and that any Alteration in the present existing Laws, relating to Ship Owners as Carriers, is a Subject of great National Importance: And therefore praying, That such Bill may not be passed into a Law until its Merits are more generally understood throughout the Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

I am, Sir,

With great Respect,

Your most faithful and Obedient Servant,

The Right honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, tec. i£c &c:

Resolved, Nemine Contradicenie-, That Mr; Speaker be Resolution requested to acquaint Mr. Hatfell, that the House en- tijereuPon-tertains a just and high Sense of the distinguished and exemplary Manner in which he has uniformly discharged the Duties of his Situation, during his long Attend -ance in the Service of the House;

Mr. Hobart, according to Order reported from the Report sup-

Committee of the whole House to whom it was re- Pb-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted t;o

And the Counsel against the Bill were called in (no His Majesty, the Rel'olution which the Committee had

Counsel appearing for the Bill)

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Merchants and Shippers of Goods, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons employing the Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize by Water; and also, the Petition of Richard Butler, Hieronimus Burmefer, and Cornelius

ler, of the City of London, Merchants and Partners under the Firm of Richard Buller and Company, which

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, ?rVolu be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the vaiy‘ Charge of Cloathing and Accoutrements for lundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry for the Year 1797.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

Cloathing-, See. for Volunteer

were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, were upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

Report be adjourned till IV-ednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart'ts, ii° Julii;

Anno 37 Georgii III. " Regis, 1797. Prayers.

House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, repotted from the Report Way Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Mean‘ ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. John Tho

Consolidated

Fund.

Tk R. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had mas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. At-jyX received a Letter from John Hatfell, Esquire, torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and the Clerk of this House; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tuesday, 11 July 1797.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Resolution upon the 1 ft Day of December last, Was reported from Q e j,nsgof Sir, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Grants read.

Having had the Honour of attending at the Table referred to consider further of Ways and Means for andinftruc-of the House of Commons for above Thirty-seven Years, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was {J£jJat.here'

1 am desirous, with the Leave of the House, to retire then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

from any further Execution of the Duties of my Office; and, with their Permission, to appoint, as my Deputy, John Ley, Esquire, whose Experience, and accurate Information, in every Part of the Business of that Office, have long been universally acknowledged.

I cannot leave this Situation, without taking the Liberty of expressing to you, Sir, and to every Indi-Vol. 52.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That there be issued and applied the Sum of Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds of the Money now remaining in the Exchequer, being " the disposeable Overplus of the Grants, for the Year " 1796."

Ordered,

7 0

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, tyho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein pursuant to the said Resolution.

Deeds Duty Mn Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pjace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Act shall not extend to Indentures of Apprenticeship or Leases, where the Money paid or Rent reserved does not exceed Ten Pounds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Petition of A Petition of William Wilkiufon, late a Merchant in jbn| relating t ie anc of Antigua, but now a Prisoner in His Mato insolvent jesty's King's Bench, was presented to the House, and Debtors Bill. reac]. Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath been confined in the King's Bench Prison for Three Years and upwards, charged in Execution with the Sum of£. i ,896, for which the Petitioner was before discharged by an Insolvent Act, passed in the Island of Antigua, dated the 24th of August 1790, and under which Act the Petitioner delivered up all his Property and Effects, and during which Period he has suffered continued ill Health, superadded to his other Misfortunes; and that the Petitioner was expressly invited to England by the Commissioners of the Navy Office, to give Evidence in an Indictment, by them preferred, against Messieurs Mun-ton and Whitehead, in the said Island, and was by them promised Payment, not only of all Expences incident thereto, but also of all Expences of his Passage and Stay in England pending such Prosecution; and that, upon his Return to England for that Purpose, he was proceeded against by James Fordyce, late of Clement's Lane, but now of Throgmorton Street, Merchant, for the aforesaid Debt, from which he apprehended his Person had been previously exonerated and liberated by the said Colonial Act of the 24th of August 1790; and that the Petitioner has been informed, a Bill before the House, for the Relief of Insolvent Debt-

ors, will not extend to a Sum of sufficient Extent to liberate him, who is in such a State of Health, and Habit of Body, that it is very probable his Life would be much shortened if he should be suffered to remain longer in Confinement; and the Petitioner has rendered very essential Services to his Country, by suggesting Means of saving many Thousands a Year, and, the Country is still receiving the same Benefit by Means of his Exertions; for the Truth whereof he humbly refers to the Honourable the Navy, Ordnance, and Sick and Hurt Boards; and that the Petitioner is informed, that, by an Act of Insolvency, One Touchett, a Merchant of the City of London, was included specifically on Account of his Services to Government, and, upon the same Ground, together with the express Invitation to England for the Purposes aforesaid, as well as that of the Petitioner having been before discharged for the same Debt by the Acts of Af-lembly of the liland of Antigua, the Petitioner prays

Julii. A. 1797.

the House to take his same into Consideration, and by a specific Clause to include him in the present Bill now pending. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed Bill to mate in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of piled. '

" Frauds by Bankrupts," was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts."

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingossed, for the Relief of Insolvent Insolvent Debtors, was, according to Order, read the Third Bill> Time. pj e ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Horse Duty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, report , granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Horses used by Volunteer Corps from the Duties imposed by this Act, or by the Act 36 Geo. ffl.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Southern' Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Southern Whale Fisheries."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this Bill further to present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, Banks in " an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Notes, or Banking Companies, in that Part of Britain d cd-

" called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnilying all Persons who have issued Notes for small

" Sums

(Viro

hod'

1 farm! j

1

toi.;

Lf-i

37 Geo. III. n° — 12° J 731

" Sums of Money in that Part of the United King- Mr. presented to the House, according to Or- SerwntsaJdom," might be read. tier, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du- D''j

And the same being read accordingly; ties on Male Servants: And the same was received; rented.,1>C

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and read the First Time, continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And R That the Bill be read a Second Time,

that Mr. William Dun<las, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and OThat the said Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. A njlrut her, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Tomorrow Morning,

Committee on Clocks &c. Duty BiJl.

Tellers for the Yeas, |

42,

Committer on Kill to prevent unlawful Oaths.

Horses additional Duty Bill,preienrrd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The I Ioule divided.

The Noes went forth,

Ro/e,

-ip 11 / , 1, r f Mr. ilber/01 ce Rird, |

Tellers for the Noes, > Mr 7-

So it was resolved in the Ailirmative.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

The Iloufc, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the administering of unlawful Oaths.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Hories kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Alorning.

Committee on BiiJ to prevent counterfeiting Coin.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made or to be made current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Vol. 52.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Freedom of " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection " or Alanagement of His Majesty's Revenues, from " giving their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Alilitia in Time of Peace.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raffing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 12° Julii;

Committee on Lottery Bill,

Bill for dif. abling Revenue Officers in Scotland from voting at Elections, deferred.

Militia Subalterns Bill, deferred.

Exchequer Bills Bill, deferred.

Bill to prevent forging the Names of Witnesses, deferred.

Anno 370

Prayers.

Georgii

HI" Regis, 1797,

M1

R. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to their Commands, he had communicated to Mr. Hat/ell their Resolution of Yesterday; and that he had been desired by Mr. Hat/el. to offer to the House his dutiful Acknowlegements, and to ex-

8 X press

Mr, Speaker acquaints the House that he communicated their Resolution to Mr. HatfclL

722

I 3° Juki.

A.

1797 *

press his grateful Sense of the Honour they had been pleased to confer on him, by their unanimous Approbation of his Conduct.

Lents Amend . The House proceeded -to take into Consideration the momh°and7' Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, MclcombeRe- An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of gis Water Bill, mouth and MelcmbeRegis, and the Parts adjacent, in

t0‘ the County of Dorset,with Water.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 16. After " Agreement" insert " for " the Purpose of supplying the " Town of and

" combe Regis, in the County of " Doijfet, with frellr Water." The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Tucker Steward do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Bill to TMTVCnt Oaths, rc-

poiicd.

locks, &c. H Duty Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Macklln'sLot-tery Bill, report ed.

The Lords have agreed :«

Bill for Exportation of Wheat, &c. t® Gutrnlcy,ic.

Tax Office Assessment Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing the administering of unlawful Oaths was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Brail be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Map fly certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piacc; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Serjeant Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat-, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Bif-cuit, or Peas, to the Mantis of , Jerjiy, and

Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said IAnds, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for aifeffing the Commission-n of the Tax Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Lottery Bill, Committee of the whoie House, to whom the Bill for K1K)r"d' granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord- Bill fortherto ing to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Banks in Scotrevive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, 'tiotes, " an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, p,dented.

" intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying " all Persons who have issued Notes forfmall Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom," for-a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-morrowr Morning.

tv

k.

Ik

n

fit

al Pardons ordered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill for p-anf-enable His Majesty more ealily and effectually to grant iisCondok -conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by ‘Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences: And that Mr. Perceval, Mr.

Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in tins Bil] forillow. present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ing Time to " enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of " Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the ecution, or. " Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read. tlered-

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

' " enabling

37 Geo. III.

I f julii.

OM Wares Ball, ordered.

The Lords have agreed to

Bnunch Indo-iurc Bifl.

Rve Harbour

Wll.

Bolton Percy Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Bill to prevent Counterfeiting Coin,reported.

" enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of " Cavalry, to be embodied, in cale of Necelfity, for " the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing ft further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the regiilering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law: 'And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ro/e, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mefi'age from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. 1} i/mot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raiuids, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing the new Harbour of in the County of Super, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Lolfes, and for the Improvement of the old Harbour of Rye without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, or Hinting, certain Open Common Fields, ing Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Perry, in the County of the City of York-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords.desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made or to be made current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or -uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

723

it will materially injure their interelb, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, inasmuch as it will,

First, completely destroy that Part of the Common Law which charges Carriers by Water with Rel'pon-fibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for Lois or Damage happening to such Merchandize vvliillt in the Custody, and under the Care, of such Carriers: Secondly, releale all Carriers by Water from Respontibility for Damage to, or Loss of, Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which has happened previous to this Time: Thirdly, releale all Carriers by Water from Rclponfibijity for any Damage to, or Lois of, Merchandize in their Custody, and under their Care, which may hereafter happen, except in Cafes of Negligence or Milcondudt by such Carriers; and consequently, Fourthly charge the Petitioners and others *

Shippers of Goods, with Losses which, in moll probable Cafes, may, by due Care, be forefecn and prevented by the Carriers and their Servants, but which the Petitioners and others, Shippers of Goods, cannot have the Power of preventing, and may not be able to insure against, but which the Ship Owners may insure against by railing their Freight in proportion to the Risk: Fifthly, if such Lolfes happen by the Negligence or Miscondud of the Carriers or their Servants, the Petitioners and other Shippers of Goods will have no Remedy but by proving such Negligence or Miscondud, the Diiiiculty cf which will be apparent to the House, inasmuch as the Master and Mariners of Vessels are the only Persons who are likely to prove and be guilty of the same: Lastly; the Provisions of the Bill extend not only to Ships upon the High Seas, and Vessels trading only in Rivers where the Tide flows but virtually extend to all Inland Navigations communicating with Rivers where the Tide flows, because, in Cafes of Loss or Damage to Goods, it will oblige the Owner of them, before he can make the Carrier liable, to prove the Loss or Damage happened out of the Tideway, and, in many Cafes, it will be impossible to prove where or how the Loss or Damage happened:

And therefore praying the House wholly to reject the said Bill, and not suffer the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking the said Report into further Consideration, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, refolyed itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Trade th'Cc

Ship Owritrt Bill, deferred.

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the regulating the Trade to be carried on with India by the India.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Mr Speaker left the Chair.

the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Mr. Hobart took the Ch ir of the Committee.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

One; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, Mr, Hobart reported from the Committee, That tjiey

were agreed to by the House. had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be thereunto; which they had directed him to report *

in eroded. when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the said Bill be -read the Third Time Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then Morning, ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon committee on Petition from A Petition of the Ahcreunder-signed Persons, Mer- Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- of

Dudley against chants, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing in the mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to red.

I'ljpOwners Town and Neighbourhood of Dudley, and employing take into Consideration the State of the Finances of

Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Car- India, might be read.

riage of Goods and Merchandize, was presented to the And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 Joule, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for giving Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Relief to the Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Set- That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vo l. 52. Ordered,

m

12s J

A. 1797,

Committee of

Supply.

Account of Sums awarded to be paid under American Treaty, referred.

Order for Bill to permit certain Notes, See. to be {lamped, dilciuirged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums of Money which the Commissioners, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th July 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to " stamp Bills of Exchange, Notes, Deeds, and other " Instruments, in the Cafes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered/Thnt the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, to stamp Deeds and other Instruments in the Cafes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Administration of Justice at Madras and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects lending Money to any of the Native Princes in India, without the Consent of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into tire said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Cui'tomDutiet a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Kill. granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported

Bill to stamp

Deeds in certain Cafes, ordered.

Gold Wares Bill,presented.

Bill for Ad-ininiftnition of Justice at Madras and Bombay, deterred.

Ways and

Means,

GUcrred.

into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty Deeds Duty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, was, according to B‘u' P 2" Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. After " Pounds," to inlert " nor to " any Leaie for Lives, or for " Years determinable on Lives,

" where the Fine or Consideration " shall not exceed Twenty Pounds,

" and the Rent reserved shall not " exceed Forty Shillings."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill W'as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a further addi- Horses additional Duty on Horses kept and uled for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein ted.' mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

c-

F-:

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Servants addi-on Male Servants, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. ted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for dif-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- in Scotland second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Freedom of ferred! '

" Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certaip Officers, employed in the Collection " or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from " giving their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

Mr.

Oirnmittee on

K:;chsquer B:IU Bill.

Com :n it tee on Bill to prevent i'>iv;ing' the N.uues ot W itnellei.

Inst ructions.

fconioli tinted Fund Bill, pre/ented.

Bill for allowing Time to carry' Cavalry Acts into Execution, pre~ iented.

37 Geo. III.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,called Bank Stock;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the Capital Stocks, or any Stocks or Funds under the Management of the South Sea Company, and of the East India Company.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Letters of Attorney, or any other Authority or Instrument, to receive any Dividend or Dividends on any Public Funds, or on Bank Stock, or

South Sea Stock, or East India Stock.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Atorning.

Air. P.ofepresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Conic hdated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Air. Rnfe have Leave to make a Mcr-tion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fof allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Acts Vdf. 52.

7 5

of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Sub-divSfions of Counties, wherein the said'Acts' have not been carried into Execution: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make" a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to samp a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds, and other Instruments, in the Cafes presented/ therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Julii;

Anno 37 Georgii III"1 Regis,. 1797,

Prayers.

THE House proceeded so take into Consideration LordsAmcnd-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bilk ments to intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, clmure b!u, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, agreed to Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 51. I.29. After " 'Trecothicinfert " and " such Parcel or Parcels of Land > " as shall be sold to the said

" James Trecothick."

Pr. 101. I. 8. Leave out from "made" to the End of the Bill.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. William Dv.ndas reported from the Committee, Report from

who were appointed to consider of the Agreement °n

made with Mr. Rainier for the Reform and Improve- Agreement, ment of the Poll Office and its Revenue, and who &<= were empowered to enquire into the Causes of his Suspension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office; and who were instructed to report to the House the Evidence which shall have been received by them resperfing the fever.il Matters referred to their Confidefation"; That the Committee had, pursuant to the Orddrs of the House, taken the Matters referred to them'into their Consideration, and had dirafted him to report the Evidence which had been received by them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the- fame,

8 Y together

j 26

»sa yuiu.

together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Appendix be printed as shall be sufficient-for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Wtition from A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are acc/re ea'ing the leilftto subscribed, being Merchants, and others, London residing in or near the Cities of London and Dock , See. _/?£r, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to , the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the last Session, a Bill was presented to the House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to

A. 1797.

to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, cora«> mitted.

Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Bill father to cond Reading of the Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, u an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a " certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom," for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, sir Henry

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, the said Docks in IVapputg; and that several Petitions An Act for appointing Trustees for carrying into Exe-having been presented to the House against the said cution certain Trulls and Powers contained in the Bill, and other Plans for effecting the good Purposes will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton: Baronet, in the

Hoghton's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

thereof having been proposed, the further Proceeding thereon was from Time to Time put off, and in the same Year a Committee was appointed to enquire into the bell Mode of providing sufficient Accommodations for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London j and that the Enquiry, gone' into by the

room of Samuel Fenton, Merchant, and Thomas Fenton, Esquire, the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life in the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip Hoghton,or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them.

said Committee, occupied so much Time, that no fur- are or is seise(j in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tether Progress could be made in the said Bill during nants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances that Session, but the Committee made a Report to in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Pur-the House, whereupon the House resolved that they pose of Building, was committed; That the Committee would, early in the then next Session, take the Mat- had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ter of the said Report into Consideration; and also same to be true; and that the Parties'concerned had came to certain Resolutions respecting any future Ap- given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of plication which might be made to Parliament for the the Committee; and that the Committee had directed

specific Purposes, and no others. Hated in the Petition presented to the House, in consequence of which the above-mentioned Bill had been ordered and presented ,-and that Application having been made to the House, for that Purpose, in this present Session, a Bill was presented for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other

Bill to the House, without any he delivered the Bill in at the

LordsAmcnd-raents to Bolton Percy In-

him to report the Amendment: And Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

London, which Bill is a Copy of that presented in the

preceding Session, except so far as relates to the mak- TT/- , A r a „

ing of the Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the H°ufe proceeded to take into Consideration

l'afd proposed Docks in Wapping, that Part of the the Amendmentsmadeby the Lords to the B,1 in-original Plan being laid aside; and that the said last- tituled. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, dototj mentioned Bill wls referred to a Committee, and or ftinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Dmds, several Petitions having, from Time to Time, been Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Panlh

presented against the Bill, they were also referred to of Bolt°n Berc/'mA the 5°UUty of the Clt7 of the same Committee for their Consideration, and the r And the said Amendments were read; and are as

tolloweth; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. £. Leave out "m for" and insert " from."

Pr. 47. I.29. After " Acres" insert " now " deemed."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the mil to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Committee were directed to hear Counsel, and examine Evidence, on both Sides — That the Committee have proceeded accordingly, and have already fat upwards of Fifty Days, but, from the late Period of the Session, it is probable the Parliament may be prorogued before the Evidence on all Parts can be gone through, and the said Bill be properly considered; and that the executing of the Works, proposed by the said last mentioned Bill, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be attended with the most beneficial Consequences to the Trade of the Port f London in particular, and to the Public ih general, j d it is therefore expedient that proper Steps mould betaken to accelerate the passing Mr. Perceval presented to the House, according to Bill for gmt-of an Act for that Purpose: And therefore praying Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty more easily and tkw °Par-the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons UH- dons, pre-to take such Steps, and make such Orders thereon, as der Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regu- femed *

‘ . late Imprisonment under such Sentences: And the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

Vi *

U'-;

pua.

fecli

5

37 Geo. III. 13 *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Hone Duty The Bill, now ingrafted, for granting to His Majesty kiil>{MireJ. additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged 1 with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M.ickiiii's . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third pantd?'Bl11, Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for enabling 'Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of hi.s~Col!cftion of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fuud° Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

committed. Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Additional Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Sf Bill,re- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ported. ' granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to \ypr the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Gold Wares Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bm, commit- j eacj]ng of the Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 52.

Julii. 747

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into' a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Militia Snbah Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for terns Bill, remaking Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern OiE- ° cers or the Militia in Time of Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had' directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.''

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to pw-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting Witnesse#, re-the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or ported, other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transfer-rable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Com- -pany of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Billrrgu-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trade to be carried on with India by «d. the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty, was committed, the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- SuPPly' ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sums awarded That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand t°b'Pai<1.un *

Four hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Fourteen Shil- Treaty? 00111 lings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to defray the Sums 3 which

I —

Exchequer Bills Bill, re ported.

728 1 JutiuA. 1797.

which the Commissioners under the Seventh Article , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

of the American Treaty have awarded to be paid by ingrafted.

the Brilijli Government, and the Expences attending the , That the said Bill be read the Third Time

said Commission, to the 5th Day of July 1797. Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

The said ltefolution being read a Second Time, was, ingrafted, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House. The House being informed that Mn Fisher, from Accounts,

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Pre(entei Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to their Orders,

for raising a certain Sutn of Money, by Loans or Ex- An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Produce of

chequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thou- Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th of July 1797; TaXCS‘

land Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed, distinguishing each Quarter; and distinguishing also the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to 1797; And also,

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, income and and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th clSdated

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- of July 1797. Fund,

ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second And then he withdrew.

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. The said Accounts are as followeth;

o

p

0

O

eg'

rH-

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

rT

oo

tSJ

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the TAXES for One Year, ending the 5th 17971 distinguishing each Quarter . Anddistinguiftiing also the

DUTIES imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and 1797.

ConsoliJated CUSTOMS, after deducing £.49,169. 1. 5. computed Quarterly Sum to be carried 1

to the Duties pro Anno 1796 - - j

Confolulated EXCISE....

18,75°. reserved out of Paper Duty Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former 1

Duties then repealed - - - {

£ 9,000. reserved out of Spirit Licences Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former 1

Duties then repealed - - j

Consolidated STAMPS ----- --....

£.2,369. 17. 9. reserved out of Duties on Hats Anno 1796, Average Quarterly Produce of former Duties then repealed

£'32»xS0, reserved out of Bills and Receipts Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former

Duties then repealed

£ 10,269. 15, reserved out of the Legacy Duty Anno 1796, Average Quarterly Produce of former

Duties then repealed - - -.

INCIDENTS:

Consolidated Letter Money ——

D° - - Salt ——

Seizures -

Profers ——

Compositions ——

Alum Mines - - - - *

Letter Money 1760, after deducting the Quarterly Sum of £. 10,000, applicable towards defraying 7

the additional Charge created Anno 1795 " - J

6 d. Deduction on Pensions ——

ix. - D - Salaries ——

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 ——

D° - - - 1784. ——

Four Wheeled Carriages -

TwoD°-D° _ - - - , -

Houses and Windows -

Inhabited Houses ——

First Fruits of the Clergy

Tenths D° ----- - - - - " ——

Lottery Licences.

Arrears of Waggons - -

D° - - Carts..... ——

D° - - Men Servants -

D° - - Female Servants- -

D° - - H uses and Windows 1.747 and 1758.

Rent of a Lighthouse - - ~

Horses - -

Male Servants....

Alienation Ditty ——

In the QU ARTERS ended

10th October

1796.

jth January '

1 7 9 7 *

851,282 4 9

1,807,041 3 4i

18,750 ——

1,000 ——

372.3 ® 7 6

i,39S ——

32,150 ——

1,894 ——

3,086,830 15 71

39,000 ---- "

89,383 17 8

263 l6 ---

3 9 — — 3 4

480 ——

909,485 4 5

1,862,520 2 5 18,750 — —

3,000 — —

271,809 — *

877 ——

32,150 — —

J»S99 ——

3,104,190 6 11

5th April

1 7 9 7-

£. j. d

658,189 15 2 I

>,440,935 »° >«i 18,750 ——

270,762 -- T-

4>837 3 3

32,150 — —

5,3,9 ——

2,430,943 '9 4

39,000 — — 111,538 18 11 i 5,948 5 —

32 S 9

78,000 74,000 — 76, COO '

9.000 7.000 530 . 3,200 3,700 — — 31,328 8 6i 3,770 5 10 53,498 >9 3 28,316 7 8| 3>525 11,399 1 % — \ 500 — — 2,800 — 3,000 — — 44,600 3 2 >7,239 >9 7 a >°7,953 6 3 r 47,339 >7 9,000 — — 3.500 1,320 5.500 23,359 21 5,759 >9 5 , 53,555 7 4 i 30,379 10 2

718 3 3 3 15 — 1,238 9 7 — 14 — 10 16 — 1 18 — 4 5 —

19,655 19 — 15,23° 6 3 f 37,915 10 — 29,99a 19 5 13,187 12 7 XS,4°S 3

383,33a — 6| 556,787 11 4i 360,270 i# b

39,000 — — 82,607 15 1

3,173 it 8 22 l8 —

1 3 4

480 — —

5th July 1797.

£- s- d.

252,038 2 6

>,9S2 364 >3 — J

18,750 — —

30,500 ——

279,990 ——

2,369 17 9

32,150 ——

>3,855 ——

For the YEAR ended 5th July

797-

2,671,995 6 u

7,062,861 14 8J 75,000 ——

34, S00 -

1,194,879 7 6

9,479 11 — 128,600 — — 26/67 — —

2,582,017 18 3

39,000 ——

86,378 ii 11 i 8,458 10 6 J 307 ——

97.000 — —

10.000 — ____

10>5H 14 6

720 ——

3,000 — — 2,800 — _„

51,614 ,

21,807 1 3 127,qpv

53>89x 6 3.833 19 $,86z 5

3 2 2 16

10

4 i 1

6i

8i

6

3

t6'j 4

37»&io 10 3$

37,876 15 6 £

>,721 8 8

603,941 _ jo

11,203,983 — I;

-156,000 — — 369.909 4 2

17>844 3

375 12 9

1 6 8

960 — —

325,000 — — 5I,5iS

32,434 6 6 f

3,070 ——

12,000 --

L2,000

150,901 47,577 342,51-8 >3 159,927 1

3.833 9 9,862 5

>4

18

to

w

o

si

7 i

7 £

8 i

14 8

6

723 11 6

3 1 5 — 1,244 4 7

6 13 4 108,635 17 1 1

96,239 9 £

1,72c 8 8

1.904,330 14 3 *

OO

o

<1

VO

g

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

O'

rt>,

Britishi Spirits Foreign D°

DUTIES pro Anno 1793:

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Sugar 1791 ....

Game Duty - - - - " " " . " " . "

Bills and Receipts, after reserving the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Dunes as,

a to re said * .

£. 10. perCent. ....

British Spirits, 1794 - -

Foreign D, J - "

Spirit Licences, after reserving the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid.

Glass....

Bricks and Tiles; Culfoms ——

D° - -...Excise ——

Paper, Excise, after reserving the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid D° - Customs - - - - -.

Slates - -

Attornies Articles ——

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

British Spirits Foreign D°

Wine -

Sweets -Cocoa -Stamps -Ship Policies

Hair Powder Certificates

Receipts

Fruits -

Tea -

Coals

Taken out of the Letter Money 1760, the computed Quarterly Increase of Revenue, by Reason of I

the Relirictiou of Franking by Att 35 Geo. III. - . *

III the Q__U A R T E R S ended < For the YEAR ended uo 0

1 10th October, 1 1796. Jth January 1797. 5th Apr it, 1 797- 5th July 1 7 9 7- 5th July 1797.

I £ £ £ > £. s. £ ' d.

1,623 — — 6,913 35,3" 22,300 — — . 66,147

35>725 48,755 2 7,9'4 39 517 151,911

I 37>34S 55,668 63,225 61,817 — — 218,058

81,310 7 5i' 145,° 7 4 5 11,004 2 7 4,924 8 10 242,266 3 3 J

- I 2,272 1 4 4,931 7,458 2>r 77 16,838 1 4

28,461 3 9 1,101 5,046- 3-637 — 38,245 3 9

15,708 4 gi 38,t95 4 Si 8,225 4 9| 43,089 16 6 105,218 10 6 i

1»543 6,079 — 36,002 — 43-247 " 66,871 — —

: 37,623 50,638 — 30,515 29,512 148,288 — — V — i Uv>

- I 11,962 8,688 X3>S S 9 510 43,685 0

- 1 126 8 i x5 9 — >54 — Si 295 17 6 i

24,193 — 28,239 — 6,76s — — 940 60,140 — —

- 22,814 ~ — 18,193 — I9.c92 — r — '6,997 77,096

1,470 11 3 8.4S3 >7 > 2,321 17 6 — — 2,183 7 — 5,981 15 10 -

3,155 18 6 i 1,842 — 10 3,151 16 10J 16,603 13 4

- 1 5>38° 9 4,294 3,861 — 4,°95 17,630 2 9

24i-3'7 16 6 310,878 13 11 i 143,344 8 2j 143,618 9 9 839,159 8 4!

1,542 5,188 - 36,249 23,651 — — 66,650 —

37,889 — — 51,887 — — ' 29,052 — — 29.364 148,192 —

»S5,369 35,787 61,729 32,94S 285,830

2,177 980 929 >,673 . 5759 — —

8,214 — 5,592 4 920 „ 21,029 — —

10,017 " — 10,923 11,102 — 47.539 13 7

28,108 4 1 23,458 19,297 26,02 1 83,295 - 96,884 4 1

<H>787 3 — 6,647 — ~ 6,747 191,476 3 —

»,'72 1,660 — — 1,2/2 — ‘ 6,925 6 1

35,142 12 1 12,409 5 9 i,812 20,909 l6 IO 116,527 9 8

50,020 98,643 197.398

9»"9 7 if 756 18 3 4,354 6 SJ 25,066 — 2 }

1 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — 40, COO VO - 1

£.1 466,218 9 10 j 247,73' >9 »i 197,156 4 — 348,150 3 6 J 1,259,156 16 7 \

o

t- *

N

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Horses -

Tobacco -

Horse Dealers Licences ——

Wines, Excise ——

Wines, Customs ——

Sweets ——

Legacies, after reserving the computed Quarterly Produce of former Duties as aforesaid.

Hats - --..... - D°.-.....D°

Two Shillings additional Duty on Horses - - - , - - - - .

Dogs

£. io. per Cent. ——

The computed Quarterly Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Wade on Sait -Taken out of the Consolidated Customs, the computed Quarterly Saving to the Public on Account I of the Reduction on the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar - - 3

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

British Spirits Foreign D® Au£tiona Deeds Cocoa 5 per Cent. Stage Coaches Sugar Bricks Tea -

a

cq; — + n' CD CL

TOTALS.

TOTAL of - CUSTOMS D° - - - - INCIDENTS -D - - - - DUTIES pro Anno 1793

D°

D®

D°

D°

1794 - - - . *

1795 -

1796 -

1797 -

Exchequer, the 13th 1 Day of July 1797. 5

James Fisher.

uo

400 — — 39>947 192 12 — 85l 44>27° 3 '1 1,340 16,530 — — 44.637 34 97.3,4 57,252 12 81 985 4,2 30 3cMIi 277 49,860 7 6 957

1,300 3,250 8,000 — — 29,169 1 s 18,175 4,770 — — 27,478 15 8{ 8}oooo — — 29,169 1 5 13,978 6 9 4>52° T»52S 8,517 8 6 J , 8,000 — — 29,169 1 5

128,719 16 6 \ 304,653 910 163,100 4 21

1111111111 1111111 m 1 — — 31,831 — — 23,958 — 2,242 — 14,853 — >3I4 500 — 6 3,075 5,093 14 8 5

_ - — — 82,866 15 z\

3,086,83015 71 383.332 — M 37,348 — — 241,317 16 6 466,218 9 iof 128,719 16 3,104,190 6 11 556,787 11 4$ 55,668 310,878 13 11I 247>73l »9 2 5 304,653 9 10 ,43°,943 9 4 360,270 1 6 63,225 143,34! 8 2 197,156 4 — 163,100 4 2 i 82,866 15 2\

4»343>766 9 1 4,579,9!0 1 31 1 3.440,9°6 12 Si

33,635 ——

39,963 ——

221 — — 98.IOC) — —

70,329 l6 1 1 { I>729 ——

8»5S 2 3 3 5» 595 -

29 970 ——

45,713 11 6|

8,000 — —

29,169 I 5

400,990 12 2 \

23,466 — — 21,906 — — 9>445 — —

20-'97 S -

651 — —

10,878 — — 24,653 10 10

271 ——

II7>3I9 ——

229,564 10 10

2,582,017 18 31

°3>94-1 — 10 61,817 — —

143,618 9 9

348,150 3 6{

400,990 12 Z\ 229,564 IO IO

4,370,099 15 5

S4'70S ——

164,063 — —

1,032 12 — 198,829 — — 521,713 — 3

;,on ——

22,529 9 —

59.590 ——

36,265 --- —

84,959 15 10 32,000 — —

116,676 5 8

997,464 a 9}

55,297 ——

45,864 — —

11,687 — —

35,828 ——

,965 ——

500 — 6

3 953 ——

29,747 5 6|

271 ——

117,319 ——

312,431 6 —

11,203,983 —

>»904,330 »4

218,058 ---

839,159 8

1,259,256 16 997,46+ 2

3 12»43 *

3 £

4

6 —

16,731,683 8 3J

UO

Geo. III. ii° Juki.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated FuND,:for the Quarter ending 5th 1797.

INCOME.

Consolidated Customs - - - .

- - - Excise - -

- - - - Stamps - - - .

- - - - Letter Money

- Salt....

Seizures ——

Profers - -

Rent of a Light House - - - -Alienation Duty - -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 - -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 Ditto ----- -- 1784

O

6 d. Deduction on Pensions, 1721

r — b

n"

I j. Ditto - - - Salaries, 1758

cr

Houses and Windows, 1766

o nhabited Houses, 1779 - -

Male Servants, 1785 -

OQ Horses -

FT

£- s-

263,230 6 6:\

1,952,364 |8 — |

273,990 -

146,000 — — 86,378 11 Ij£ 8,458 10 6\

3°7 ——

6 4

1,7 1 8 8

935 ——

3,000

.2,800 — <

10,000 — *

i°,534 >4 6

127,511 — 1

53.69 6 H

UJ 4" 00 O 10 3l

37)726 15 61

H

R

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities, 2-7ths Excise, for 2 and 3 Lives - -- -- -- - . for 3 Months ----- due 5 th July 1797

- - - /. 3,700 per Week, with the Salaries of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; for Ditto ----- - due Ditto - -

- - - A01706. - - - with Ditto - -- -- --.....- . - - - - for Ditto - ----- due Ditto -

- - - 1707 - - - 'with Ditto - - -- -- -- - - - for Ditto - - - - due Ditto -

per ill Act 1708 -- wi:h Ditto 2d Act 1708 - with Ditto on Lives, A01745 - -

- - - - 1746 - -

. . - ,757 -

. ,778 - -

- . - e 1779 - -

for Ditto -.....due Ditto

for Ditto.....due Ditto

for 6 Months,.....due Ditto

for Ditto ----- - due Ditto

for Ditto ----- - due Ditto

for Ditto ----- - due Ditto

for Ditto .....due Ditto

SOUTH SEA COMPANY,

Annuity and Management on £.24,065,084. 13. nf. their present Capital; for 3 Months, due 5th July 1797.....- ——

- - on /. 1,919,600; for Half a Year, due Ditto - -- -..... ----- ---- - 28,794 M

- - Management on the said Annuity for the same Time, after abating /. 142. 17. 6. for the Half of/. 285. 15. being after the Rate of/, 562. 10.

per Million, on the Principal Sum of £. 508,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt before 5th January

1797 ..... 397 — 3

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuity on their Capital of/. 4,000,000, at /. 3 per Cent, per Annum, purchased of the South Sea Company 5 for 3 Months, due 5th July 1797 ----- - /. 3,200,000, at Ditto - -- -- - - -- - for Ditto - - due Ditto -

- 500,000 - - - -- -- -- - for Ditto - - due Ditto - - .

- - - - - -/. 1,250,000 - - - -- -- -- - for Ditto - due Ditto -

- - - - --/. 1,750,000 . - -- -- -- -- for Ditto - - due Ditto - - .

--r----/. 986,800 - - -- -- -.---- for Ditto - - due Ditto -

' at /. 3 per Cent, per Ann. on the Principal Sum of/. 124,649,696. 5. 1 J. for Six Months; due 5 th July 1797 - - - . - - -For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time, after abating /. 2,499. fot the Half of /. 4,999. IO being ascer the Rate of £-45° per Million, on the Principal Sum of £. 11,110,000, purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, before 5 th January 1797 - - ....

r. d

1,869,745 # io£

25 546 8 7 *

1,895,291 17 6

/. /. d.

2,048 18 —

7.957 I 8 6,181 2 io\ 2,038 — 6£ .229 3 i£ 2,649 6 31

6,159 2 6 11,233 5 — 12.283 1 6 ,384 16 2.587 9

6

3l

83,993 13 sj

29,191 — 3

3°>474 «o oJ 25,000 — — 3,750 — —

.9 375 ——

13,125 ——

7 4° — —

o

vo

<1

r

Four Wheeled Carriages

> Two Wheeled Ditto - -....

5 Waggons - - - - Arrears -

Carts ----- - Ditto ——

Sugar ----- - 1791 ——

British Spirits - - - Ditto ——

Foreign Ditto - - - - Ditto ——

Bills and Receipts - - Ditto ——

Surplus of Ditto - - - Ditto ——

Game Duty - - - - Ditto ——

£. 10 per Cent. - - - Ditto ——

British Spirits - - - - 1794. ——

Foreign Ditto - - - Ditto ——

Attornies Articles - - Ditto ——

Glass - - - . - - Ditto

Bricks (Excise) - - - Ditto ——

Ditto (Customs) - - - Ditto ——

Paper (Excise) - - Ditto.....- .

Snrplas of Ditto - - - Ditto

Paper (Customs) - - Ditto -....

- - Ditto....

Slates, &c

q Spirit Licences - - Ditto . - -

Q_

British Spirits - - 795 - - - - .

Foreign Ditto - - Ditto - - - .

Carried over

eg

51,514 1 10 I For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuities on A 18.000,000, aJdeJ to the above Capita!, pursuant to an Act 35th Geo.

IIII. due 5th July 1797 ....

21,607 13 4! j For answering and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities; for the same Time ——

3 12 6

2 16 3

4,924, 8 10 22,300, — —

59.5 r7' -

32,150 — 3,637 — —

2,177 — — 42,869 16 6

23,247 ——

19,512 ——

4,095 ——

9,510 ——

9+o ——

,5+ — Si

18,750 ——

16,997 ——

a, 183 7

316 1 o-

30,500 — _

23,651 ---

29.364----

3:428,895 9 pi

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuities on £. 21,505.800, added to the above Capital, pursuant to an Act 36th Geo. 1JI. due 5th July 1797 ----- ----- ----- -.....- - _

For answering and paving the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, on £. 9,718. 2. 2. per Ann. for 2 Years, due 5th July 1797....

For answering and paying Haifa Year's Annuity on £.8,934.200, added to the above Capital, pursuant to another Act 36th Geo. III. due 5th July 1797.....-....._

For answering and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, on £.4,020. 7. of . per Ann. for 1 I Year

% X 9

due Ditto - -....

For answering and paying Haifa Year's Annuity on .16,441.175. 4. 10. added to the above Capital, pursuant to an Act 37th Geo. III. in lieu of Navy Bills delivered up to be cancelled, due Ditto.

Foranswering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, due 5th January 1797, on £. 14,377. 9. 3. Part of the above, the Certificates for which were not made Stock at the Bank on the 5th January 1797 - .

c- '

270,000 — — 4.050 —

323-937 — 19,436 4 4

134,013 — 6,030 i»

246,617 12 6J

215 13 s

274,050 — —

343-373 4 4

140,043 ir 8J

246-833 5 9

29,995 9 9

97,180 4 2

535,160 8 5J

4,816 8 lof

110,351 17 ij

993 3 4

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuities on £. 270,202. 4. 8. added to the above Capital by the said Act 37th Geo. III. in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled - -.....-..... . 50.764 18 2

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, due 5th January 1797, on £. 10,263. 16. 1. Part of the above, the Certificates for which were not made Stock at the Bank on the 5th January 1797 - -- -- -- - 256 n 10

For answering and paying Haifa Year's Annuities on £ 270,202. 4. 8. added to the above Capital, by the said Act 37th Geo. III. in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled; due 5th July 1797 ....

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity on £. 1,919,699 4. 4. added to the above Capital, pursuant to the Act 37th Geo. III. in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled, due the said 5th July 1797..... J.

For answering and paying Haifa Year's Annuities, due 5th July 1797, to such of the Contributors for railing £. 14,500,000, for the Service of the Year 1797, who completed their whole Payment on 5th July 1797 -....

Annuity at £.5 per Cent, per Ann. by Acts 24, 75, 34, and 35 Geo. III. on the Principal Sum of £.21,406,416. 19. 4. due 5th July 1797 - -

For the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for Ditto - - - -....

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuities on £. 4,414,074. 4. 6. added to the above Capital, by an Act 36th Geo. III. due Dkto For the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time - - ....

Annuities granted by Acts 4th and 5th King William and Queen Mary, commonly called £. 14 per Cents, which ceased on 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; for 3 Months; doe Ditto ——

Annuities for 96 Years, by Acts 5th and 6th of the same Reign, which ceased at 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners - - - -- -- -- -- -....

£. /. J.

% 2,128 i5

G591 8 —

Annuity and Management on £. 1,000,000, £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. for 6 Months; due 5th July 1797 ----- -- - - ....

For the Support of His Mzjerty'a Household, for 3 Months; due 5th July 1797 - - ----- ----- ----- -.....-

To Edward Roberts, Esq; First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £. 650. per Ann. formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Salaries to the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, and now payable to him by Act 23 Gij. tij. Rs. for 3 Months; due $th July ....

— Anne Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences - -- -- - due Ditto - ....

— the Judges of England and Wales, on heir several additional Allowances - -..... due Ditto.

Carried over

3,0 26,767 13

539'9?6 l7

u 1,345 —

51,021 10

6>75S *

I3.72a 3 15,225 — 224,500 —

7\

162 10

S — 3,262 10

£ 4.350 804 8 7i

37 Geo. III. 13

L

INCOME, eontinutJ.

Brceght over

O

cq‘

r+

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o.-

c&

rT

Wine -Coals -Tea -Sweets -

- - 795 *

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- Ditto -

Cocoa - - - - Ditto ——

Fruit, Silk, Sec. - Ditto -

Stamps ----- - Ditto ——

Ship Policies - - - - Ditto ——

Hair Powder Certificates - Ditto ——

Receipts ----- Ditto -

Horse Dealers Licences - 1796 ——

Legacies ----- Ditto ——

Surplus of Ditto - - - Ditto ——

Hats - ..... - Ditto - -....

Surplus of Ditto - - - Ditto ——

Tobacco ----- Ditto ——

Wine - (Customs) - Duto ——

Ditto - (Excise) - - Ditto ——

Sweets - - - - Ditto -....

Salt ----- -- Ditto ——

/. 10 per Cent. - - - Ditto ——

Hoffcs.....Ditto ——

2s. add1 Duty on Ditto - Ditto

])rgs - ----- Ditto ——

British Spirits - 1797 ——

3428,895 9 9}

32,945 — — 4,354 6 8j 98,643 — —

1. 73 ——

4,920 — — 20,909 i6 10 11,102 — — 26,021 — — 83,295 — 1,272 — 221 — — 10,269 15 —

3.385 5 — 2,36917 9

8.ss« 3

39,968 — — 70,329 1611 i

98,109 — —

»729 ——

- 8,000 -r 45,713 n . 33.635 ——

33,593 ——

29,970 ——

23,466 ——

CH ARGE,

Brought orer

BANK OF ENGLAND, continue To His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester,on his Annuity of /. 8,000 -..... for 3 Months; due 5th. July 1

— Ditto ----- ---- - - on Ditto ----- /. 9,000

— the Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq. on Ditto — - - /. 3,000 -

— the Earl of Chatham ----- - on Ditto - - - - /. 4,000

— Lord Rodney ----- -- on Ditto - — - /. 2,000 -

— Lord Heath field - - -- -.-on Ditto ----/. 1,500 -

— Lady Dorchester - ----- - on Ditto ----- - /. 1,000

— Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest -

— Philip Deare, Esq.....---- on Ditto - - - - /.

— John Wigglesworth, Esq. - -.....on Ditto - - - - £.

— Charles Harris, Esq. - -- - - - - -- - - - - on Ditto — - - £.

— Sir W:n Musgrave, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on Ditto - - - - £.

— John Thomas Batt, Esq. another - - -- on Ditto ----- /.

— Will® Chamberlayne, Esq. another - -- -- on Ditto - - - - /.

— Sir John Dick, Bart, another - - -- -- - - -- - - on Ditto - - — £.

— John Martin Leake, Esq. another - -- -- on Ditto ----/.

Salaries to Clerks, See. for Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners; for 3 Months 7 To Sir George Yonge, Bart. Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint in England, for Ditto -

— the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt - - - for Ditto -

797

on his Annuity of /. 7,000 300 300 200

1.000

1.000

1.000 500 5co

due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto

JO

Q

73

c

.9

cS

60

c

3

w *

On the Capital Stock of/. 6,250,000,/.$ per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 30th April 33 Geo. III. for One Quarter; due 5th July 1797 On Ditto - - - /. 11,000,000, /. 3 perCent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 20th February 1794. - for Ditto - - .- -

On Ditto - - - - £. 2,750,000, /. 4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act..... for Ditto - -

On Ditto ----- /. 9,680 per Ann. being/. 1 per Cent, per Ann, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 11/. 5 d. per Cent, on the afore-mentioned /. 11,000,000, granted for 66 Years and 3 Months by the said last mentioned Act, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of/. 3 per Cent, per Ann. - - - for Ditto - -

On Ditto - - - /. 1,926,525. 12. 5. /. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 23 May, 34 Gij.

tij. Rs. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled - -- - for Ditto - -

On Ditto - - - /. 18,000,000, /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act pafl ed 16th March 1795, 35

Gij. tij. Rs. - -- -- -- ----- ----- ----- for Ditto - -

On Ditto ----- /. 6,cco,oooo,/. 4 perCent. per Ann. created by the last mentioned Act ----- for Ditto - -

On Ditto - - - - /. 12.835, being /. 1 perCent. per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of

9/. 6 V. per Cent, on the afore-mentioned /. 18,000,000, granted for 65 J Years by the said Act, at the End of

45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of/. 3 per Cent, per Ann. - for Ditto - -

On Ditto - - - /. 1,609,897. 17. 1. in/. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 35 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

delivered up to be cancelled - - - - - - - , _ -

On Ditto...../. 21,595,800, Part of /. 21,600.00o, /. 2 r»er Cent. Annuities, created in respect of /. 18,000,000, borrowed in pursuance of an Act passed 35 Geo. III. after deducting /. 4,200 forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments -

On Ditto - - - - /. 4,500,000, /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act, in respect of the said Loan, for the said

Time, at the same Rate of /. 3 per Cent, per Ann. ——

On the Sum of /. 8,460, being /. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6/. 6d. per Cent, on the aforesaid

£ t8,ccc,coo, granted for 64 Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of /. 3 per Cent, per Ann. -

£ , y.

15 025 —

27,500 ——

6,875 ——

2,420 -

4,816 6 3

45.000 — —

15.000 — —

3,208 15 —

4,024 14 io£ 53,98910 ~ 11,250 — — 3,115 —

4,350,804 8 7 *

2,000 —

2,250 --

75O — 1,000 — 500 — -

375 — ' 250 — *

1,750 — 1

75 — ' 75 —

50 — -250 — -250 — -250 — 125 — -125 — -1,500 — -

3,450 -

250,000 — -

U)

L6L1-p- ;//#£„£ i

Foreign Ditto -

Ditto

3 Deeds ----- - Ditto

n Tea - - - - Ditto

Sugar.....Ditto

Cocoa - - - - Ditto -

Auflions.....Ditto -

Stage Coaches - - - - Ditto -

Bricks ----- Ditto -

Arrears of 44th 4s. Aid A0 17S0 -

54th 4/. - - 1-90 -

57th 4/. - - 1793 - - "

123 680

l7 9 9{> 1,056 14 10 3

Money paid by the Commissioners for the Sale of Dutch Prizes

Money paid by Claude Scott, Esq. on Account of Wheat fuld for the Use of Government -

Ditto - - - Abraham Newland, Esq. on Account of the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills pursuant to Ad 35 Geo. 3th Rs.

Ditto - - by the East India Company for the Sale of

Dutch Prizes ——

Money brought to this Account, being the Sum reserved in the Exchequer at 5ih April 1797, for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Annuities for the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to an Act 30° Georgii 3tij. Rs. ——

Imprest Money rc-paid by Thomas Rudfell, Esq. - -

21,906 — —

20 9:5 ——

117 319 ——

24,653 10 10 65 ! ——

9,445 ——

10,8;8 ——

27I ——

1 3i

1,79 50,000 50, coo

33,000 -500,000 .

12,286 14 6£

550 ——

4,97 8,676 8 6'

G

i>

cx,

o

Ou the Capital Sr:cl. 0."/. 8,934.220, Part of jT.9,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Conf/.iJateJ Annuities, created ia respect of /. 7,500,000 borrowed in pt nuance o.‘ an Act 36 Geo. III. after deducting /. 65.800 forfeited by certain Cuotribut >rs not completing their Payments On Ditto ----- - /. 1,859,625, Part cf /. 1,875,000 /. 5 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, created by the halt - mentioned Act, after deducting /. 15,3-5, ferfeiteu by certain Contributors not completing their Payment -..... ——

On the Sum of /. 2.925) being /. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5/. 6 J. per Cent, on the aforesaid /. 7,500 oao. ranted ft>r 65 Years and 9 Month), at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at/. 3 per Cent, per Ann. - -

On the Caoital Stock of/. 4,414 ,074. 4. 6. in /. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act passed 36 Lieu. 111. in lieu uf Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled - -- .....- -

O/i the Capital Stock of/. 16,441,175. 4. 10. in /. 3 per. Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created by the above Ad, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

On D tto - - - - / 764,861. 5. 10. /. 4 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be

cancelled - - - ....

On Ditto - - - - /. 2,024,228. 18. 9. /. 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy Bills delivered up to be cancelled ——

On Ditto 1,999,69(5. 4. 4. /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled

On the Sum of /. 104,432. 5. 8. /. 4 per Cent. Annuities, by Ad 37 Geo. III. in lien of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled - -

On Ditto - - - /. 270,202. 4. 8. /. 5 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled -

On Ditto - - - / 20,209,331. 5. new/. 5 perCent. Annuities, granted by Act 37 Geo. III. the Sum of /. 40,608. 15. being forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments ——

To complete the like Sum for the Quarter ended 5th April 1797, £$>9 5' 18. 1 . only having been then issued ——

22-35J 10 —

4 49 I 3

73« S -

11'°35 3

41,102 18 9

1,91 2 3 -I

5,076 9 91

4 999 4

201 1 7

67s 10 X

50,5 3 6 6}

44-577 S 5i

To John Penn, Esq. of Stoke Pogis, Berks

— Richard Fenn, Esq. of Queen Anne Street, Middlesex, on

— His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence - - - - on

— ----- - - Duke of York ----- on

— Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York - - - on

— His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales - - - - on

on his Annuity of /. 3,000 for 3 Months, due 5th July 1797

due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto

- - - /. 1,000 -

- - - /. 12,000 -

- - - /. 14,000 -

- - - / 4,000 -

- - - £.65,000 .

— the Right Honble. Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Allowance for the Quarter ended 4th June ,797,81 the Rate of £ 6,000

per Ann....

— John Reeves, Esq. Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, in or near the Metropolis, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland, for One Year, ended 10th May 1797....

To make good the Deficiency of this Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th April 1797 - - -....

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act 35 Geo. III....

Total INCOME of the Consolidated Fund in the Quarter ended 5th July 1797 DEFICIENCY of Ditto.....in - - - - Ditto -

379 7° 3 9 4

750 — —

250 — —

3,000 — —

3,500 — —

1,000 — —

16,250 — —

410 19 —

3,000 — —

6,335 5 —

70,611 8

6,573 9 6

5,iz7, »4 9 7

8 6 *

I43.538 1 r — *

CM

o

M

o

CM

o

D

cq'

1 — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Exchequer, the 13th Day of July 1797.

James Fisher.

-4

Qi

73 *

i 3° J

A.

Bill to stamp Dcrds in certain C riles committed.

Bill to pre- e.3t unhwful

Oatlio, passed.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

Ordered, That the Ordir of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds, and 6ther Instruments, in the Cafes therein mentioned, be rfow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- tec of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for more effectually preventing the administering of unlawful Oaths, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful Oaths.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Sub-divisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to prevent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to prevent the ' ' counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made or to be made current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin of this Realm, made or to be made current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and

797-

- Bill for Ati-minHlnttiou of Ju It ice at Madras and Bombay.

Bill for allowing Time to c,"ii ry Cavalry Aits into Iix-rt mien, committed.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Coinir.ittre on to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, 15,11 ,or A,i' upon the Bill for the better Administration of Justice at Madras and Bombay, and for preventing Subjects lending Money to any of the Native Princes in India, without the Consent of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- tnltroftion, mittee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Requests of Madrafpatnam, Bombay, and Calcutta.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Deputy enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Com- Ka>

mons to send and receive Letters and Packets free from ordered/' the Duty of Portage: And that Mr. Mr. ff37-

berforce, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read-ing of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Ma- j hed. ' jesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a. Lottery; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third

Lottery Bill, deferred.

Time

Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Rcpnrton into further Consideration the Report which was made Shipowner from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships, was re-committed.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

Bill turtl e-coil fid era I.

Bill again recommitted.

to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin. fa',d Bill.

any

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the

( Vmmittce on S< rvanr additional Duties Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said conMered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Commit-

upon the Bill for granting to I lis Majesty additional tee, that Forty' Members were not present;

Committee.

Duties on Male Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The 1 Iouie rclolved itleit into the said Con Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Arnend-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

TetiVt Divorce Bill, polled.

Additional C 2it.'tt' Duties BUI, pilled.

Militia Subal trrns Bill,

passed *

Bill to prev< forging the Nn nes of Witnesses, jtttTod.

140 yulii.

737

37 Geo. III.

V emris, 140 dieJulit;

Anno 37 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Art

Ad to difl'olve the Marriage of Sidenham Teajl,

Merchant, with Eleanor Buckle,his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to restate Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for regulating the paiivd. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Trade to be carried on with India by the Ships of Na- Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, tions in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

\V arcs, and Merchandize, imported into, exported And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third e r Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for raising a certain paired. Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-ieven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be ul'ed and consumed in this Kingdom, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the b;h to amend last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Legacy Duty " repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Ait>ordertd' " Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties " thereon, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

nt

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords

Wilinot.have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year Act relative to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Se'unen *

Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the better preventing the forging and counterfeiting the Names of Witnellesto Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Inltruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferrabie at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank ot Ear land, called Bank Slock, Ik now read.

0 _

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tit

t'C

be. An Act for the better preventing the l«»rging or counterfeiting the Names of V/itncties to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or instruments, lor the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now am, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shaft hereafter be, made transferrabie at the Bank of Eor fur :.e Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Ci vernorand Company of the Bank of England, called j rk Stock, or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capit any Stocks or Funds, under the Managm South Sea Company, or for the Transfer cf cny Part of the Capital Stock of the India Company, or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any' of such Stocks or Funds.

Vol. ;a.

Stock, or it of the

" for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better " and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to make Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Fifth perpetual Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An House Duty Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Du- Bl11, ties on inhabited Houses; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An National Debt Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two , BlU' hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,-intituled, An Grentford In-Act for dividing,'allotting, and inclosing, the Open tloture BlU and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great foul, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

9 B The

B:u flcdoti Bridge Bill.

King's Wal-

Brji Inclosarc Bill.

S( otch Militia Bill.

Pontefra£>,

&:. Inclosure Bill.

tyrttftniryln-ciolure Bill, with Amend-nventi.

Chiverell Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have palhed

T mpeft's F.ltate Bill.

Bill, read.

Bill for granting

conditional

Pardons,

committed,

Refutation# re 1 petting a future Appli cation for London Docks, &c. Bill.

738 14 Julii. A. 1797 *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Middlesex and Surrey (which was prefetited to the Act for building a Bridge over Burfledon' River, at or' House upon the 30th Day of November last); and also, near the Ferry of Burflcdon, in the County of Sonthamp- the Report which was made from the Committee to ten, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read, over the River It chin. at or near Northani, within the And the same being read accordingly *

Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Resolved, That, in case it shall be thought expedi

Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to ent by the Petitioners to renew their Application to Thchfield, in the said County of Southampton; without this House in the next Session of Parliament, for the any Amendment: And also, specific Purposes Rated in their laid Petition, and no

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An other, this House will deem general Notices of such Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette,

Fields, Common Partures, and other Commonable and the different County Newspapers (as directed by Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kings the first Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and

Walden, in the County of Hertford, without any given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace

Amendment: And also, in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to all Persons concerned; and that the Maps or Plans,

Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part with the Books of Reference, which have been deli-

of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; with- vered to the fevers 1 C'crks of the Peace (in pursuance v

out any Amendment: And also, of the Third St: nding Older of the 7th of May 1794)

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An shall be deemed luhcient, without again delivering Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open such Maps and Books.

and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Town- Rejdved, That all Persons concerned in Interest, ship of PontefraCl, in the West Riding of the County who have been applied to, and have given their Con-of York, and making Compensation for the great lent to the Bill, which was depending in this House Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the in the last Session of Parliament, for making Wet *

Townships of Pontefract, Tanjhelf, and Carlctun, within Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater the Parish of Pontefract, and also for the Vicarial Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Corn-Tithes of the said Parish; without any Amendment: mcrce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and

And also, for making a Navigable Canal from Blackball to the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An said Docks in Wapping, shall be considered as confer.! -Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- ing to such Bill as may be brought in upon the like mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Com- Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the last Re- . monable Places, within the Parish of Eynefury, in the lolution, and no other, unless they shall personally at-County of Huntingdon; with some Amendments; to tend the Committee to whom such Bill may be com-which Amendments the Lords dclire the Concurrence milted, and' express their Dissent, or shall give Cer-of this House: And also, tificates in Writing, or other Evidence, of their Dil-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Corn-

Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Committee. monable Lands and Grounds within the several Pa-

rishes of Great Ckivcrell and Little Chiverell, in the The House was moved, That the Petition of the Refutation County of Wilts; with some Amendments; to which Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City AppH-Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this of London, in Common Council assembled (which wras cation for tali House: And also, , presented to the House upon the 14th Day of February

The Lords have passed a' Bill, intituled, An Act last)} and also, the Report which was made from the London, for vesting in new Trustees the Sum of Forty thou- Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, sand Pounds, given, by a Codicil annexed to the Will might be read.

of John Yempefl, Esquire, to Farrer Wren and Robert And the same being read accordingly;

Shafto, Esquires, upon ccrrain Trusts in the said Co- Resolvedr That, in case it shall be thought expe-

dit'd mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Con- dient by the Petitioners to renew their Application to currence of this House. this House in the next Session of Parliament, for the

And then the Messengers withdrew. specific Purposes dated in their said Petition, and no

And the said Bill from the Lord was read the First other, this House will deem general Notices of such

Time. intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the first Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace in cond Reading of the Bill to enable. His Majesty more the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to all Persons concerned; and that the Maps of Plans,

Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and with the Books of Reference, which have been deli-to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences, be vered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance now read. of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794)

And the said Order being read accordingly; shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering

The said- Bill was read a Second Time. such Maps and Books.

Resolved, That the Bill $e committed. Resolved, That all Persons concerned in Interest,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- who have been applied to, and have given their Con-mittee of the whale House. sent to the Bill, now depending in this House, for itn-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- proving the Port of London, shall be considered as coning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lenting to such Bill as may be brought in upon the House, upon the said Bill. like Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the last

Resolution, and no other, unless they shall personally The House was moved, That the Petition of the attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, committed, and express their Dissent, or shall give being Merchants and others, residing in or near the Certificates in Writing, or other Evidence, of their Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Dissent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Corn-Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of mittee.

37 Geo. III.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Hmacciof a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con-

IudlJ' sideration the State of the Finances of.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles William RouJ'e Bough ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles William RouJ'e reported from the

Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

iVmity Mr. Long presented to the House, according to

B;nfrank Order, a Rill to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of printed. the House of Commons to lend and receive Letters and Packets /ree from the Duty of Pottage: And the iiime was received; and read the First Time.

Refillsed. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, tomraittvl. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RfoL ied, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Upon the said Bill.

Bill to amend Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-A« 1 re Jty cort nS to Order, a' Bill to explain and amend an Act, tented. passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties on " Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, and for " granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an tnrtruftion to the said Com- Intiroftiom tnittee, That they have Power to receive a Claul'e for putting off the Oath of Trust previous to the Choice of Preles and Clerk,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Deldsi r--upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp fcunCaits. Duties to stamp Deeds, and other Instruments, in the Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Inftmaion. mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the

7 V

laid Bill, for authorizing the said Commissioners to stamp any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, with the proper Mark or Stamp, upon Proof that no Fraud was intended.

Then the House resolved itself into thd said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Order for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ' Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manu- Bill, ditciurg-fastured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by ld-Law, be now read.

And the Lid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be difelwrged.

14° Julii.

Returns of Mr. Secretary Du.udas presented t< the House pur Qualifications fuanj- tjic Directions of several Acts of Parlia-

or Deputy Lieutenants ITlCnt,

and Militia Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieute-iented?'prC" Hants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, lince those presented to the House of Commons on the 7th Day of May 1796.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

'Flic Lid Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on Bill for cilia-' bling Revenue Officers in Scotland from voting at Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling " certain Officers, employed in the Collection or " Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving " their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Preles or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Vol. 52.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Bill foradmi-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of

the better Administration of Justice at Madras and I'Ldnsand Bombay, and for preventing BriSubjects lending Bombay, Money to any of the Native Princes in India, without rePorted‘ the Consent of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any ,of their Settlements, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order,.reported from the Servants addi-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tional Duties granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male ll 'rep<Mtc ‘ Servants, was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee

740

14° JuliL

A.

1797'

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Housei

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

C< mmittee on Bill further to continue Att to allow the . Banks in Scotland to iiVue certain Notes.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend,

" an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to ifl'uc Notes for Sums under " certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for in *

" demnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom," for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornin;

Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vetted in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, of other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

to'

Committee on Bill for allowing Time to carry Cavalry Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the present Session of Parliament for raising a Provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdi-'vilions of Counties, wherein the said Aits have not been carried into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

a Refolded) That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a further additional Bill.

Duty on Horlcs kept and uled for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

TbeLo

flta

fciVe!

ciTj'in

Saves.

A3 to

re Nc

tel A

TVL

btp

"3U

Committee on

Consoliibited

¥ und Bill.

Indruclions,

&c.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's most

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Lottery Bill, Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Ma- Pa&<1> jesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third clocks, . Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, be now c ' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned ~ of the Clock.

till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten

Sabbati,

37 Geo. III.

150 J

Sabbatty 15° die;

Anno

n 7°

Geonni

o

III'" Regis, 1797.

The Lords have agreed td

Bill, to regulate Vc ill-U for carrying Slaves.

Bill to repeal Act for nvik *

ing Negroes Keal Aifets.

The Lords have passed

Bill for Meeting of Parliament.

by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Bill read:

Committed.

Prayers.

AMeftage from the Lords,

IVilm st:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Ajrica; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more eal'y Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and " Colonies in America," as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to shorten the Time, now required, for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Bull nets, and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the Cale of a D cmife of the Crown; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

Anti then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Rcfoived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

fiorfes nrldi- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

tional Duty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grunting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Ilorlts kept and ul'cd for the Purpol'c of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question . Icvcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingroli'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Blonday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingroli'ed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, for " a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the " present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue " Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a " limited Time, and for indemnifying all Peri'ons " who have issued Notes for l'mall Sums of Money in " that Part of the United Kingdom," for a Time to Vol. 52.

Bill further to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, reported.

741

be limited, was Committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingroli'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingroli'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Servants ad. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the better Ad- jufaCeat Ma-miniftratiorl of Justice at Madras and and for drasandBom-

preventing BritisliSubjects lending Money to any of the bay,pa e

Native Princes in India, without the Consent of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Madras and Bombay; for preventing British Subjects lending Money to any of the Native Princes in India without the Consent of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Request at M, and Calcutta.

Ordered That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to en- "anting Con-able His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant ditionai Par-conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Na- don ' val Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John, Smyth reported from the Committee, That they - had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from Report from the Committee of the whole House, to p naI"c toft whom it was referred to take into Consideration the India, de-State of the Finances of India; # ferred.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j Wi, upon the Bill to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the ferred.

House of Commons to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage;

9 C,

742

15° J

A. 1797.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bin to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the House to A$Tpoftp<2»- ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up-tJ.' on the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and " Shares of Personal Estate, and for granting other " Duties thereon, in certain Cafes

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed till after the House Hull have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

Bill for disabling Reve-

scotiamt rom amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of voting at the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Mentions, re- for better securing the Freedom of Elections of " Members tofervein Parliament, by disabling certain " Officers, employed in the Collection or Management " of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes " at such Elections," by extending the Provisions there-

ported.

put thereupon, was, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Consolidated Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of pouc the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a of to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Ad- vcrally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iiigrcfled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill 1Hall be then ingrossed.

justment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to (lamp Dictls interrain Cales, re» ported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds and other Instruments, in the Cafes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for allow- Ordered That Mr. Rose do make the Report from ing lime to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

carry Cavalry

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Legacy Duty Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Ad: Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties " on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, and for " granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com- reported mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Cil

AaiintoE - for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution cution,report- certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the 1 Ioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the in- Bill for Meet grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to lhorten the Time now required for giving Notice of primed. . the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lie of the Members of the 1 Ioufe.

Ordered,

IordsAmcnd-

ments to F\ nnbury > Iiu lolu: c Bill, a rtTd to.

IflMs Amendin' nts to rhivertM Tn-''"Vc Bill, Agreed to.

;y Geo. III.

15° — 17°

Ordered, That Mr. John have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the Huife accordingly.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, lambs, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eyuejburx, in the County of Huntingdon, be

now taken into Confuleration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as so!icm et h; viz.

After " Cinfert " and his Successor % Rectors as aforelaaJ." After " Cole" insert " and his Sue *

" cessors, Rectors as aforesaid."

Pr. 30. 1. 17. After " Cod," insert " and his Successors."

1. 18. Leave out "Reftor" and insert

" Rectors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Older:/!, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Bcuvof Northampton have Leave to make a Motion.

Anti he moved the 1 louie accordingly.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords

743

House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom ing, Ten of the Clock.

Lunacy 170 Julii;

Anno 37# Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Pr. zo. 1. 6.

1. 27.

Pr

AYERS.

F) E SO L FED, That an humble Address be pre- Address for fented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously ciap2n.°1 ' pleated to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Bitjby, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal, to be End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of PrinteJ-this prd'ent Session, with an Index to the Fifty-second Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies 1 of the said Journal and index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Ley,

El'quire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed

to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; the Open and Commonable Lands and G rounds within and that no other Person do presume to print the fame, the several Parishes of Great Chiverelland LittleChi-

I'crell, in the County of Wilts,be now taken into Con- RThat an humble Address be presented to Address for

sideration. His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order prSl°oe-

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said the Sum of One thousand Four hundred and Ninety neral link.

Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fulluweth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 11. After " allotted" insert " and of " the old Inclosures being Arable."

1. 16. After " allotted " insert " being " Pasture."

1. 19. After " Orchards" insert " and" and in the same Line, and Line 20, leave out " and old inclol'ed " Lands."

And the House being informed that the Agent concerned for the Bill a. tended at the Door, who could give Evidence re 1 peeling the Contents which had been given to the said Amendments by the Parties inte-refteci therein;

The laid Agent was called in, and examined, and informed the House, that the several Persons interested in the Matter of the said Amendments had been applied to; all of whom had given their Consent tl ercto, and had ligned printed Copies of the Bill,

Pounds, to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, for the Expence incurred in printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, compiled by Mr. Samuel Dunn; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to DV'-for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to Or- dex tefthe der the Sum of Two hundred and Ten Pounds to be Votes‘ advanced to Mr. George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to allure llis Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to D°, — for His Majesty, That He will be eraciously pleased to di- Compenutmn

j j > I i to Lxinniners

rest such Compensation as His Majesty shall think pro- of Mdi'rs.

per, to be made to the Persons appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to examine Account *

ar.d tax the Bills of Costs and Expences of Messieurs

Wallis and Leonard, Solicitors on the Part of the Pro-

fecution in the Impeachment against Warren

with the said Amendments inserted therein (except the El quire; and to allure His Majesty, that this House Proprietor of an Lliate of the Annual Value of £.4. 4 s.will make good the fame, who did not chui'e to sign the Bill, but had no Ob- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented

jeftion to the Amendments; and also, except the Proprietor of an Estate of the Annual Value of .31. 145. who would not sign the Bill, saying he Would have nothing to 4o with the Amendments); and that the Whole of the Annual Value of the Estates to be affefted by the said Amendments amounted to . 183. 12s. or thereabouts.

Then the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie of Northampton do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Vol. 52.

to D",.-.to

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to or- Mr. DunMor der the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced nerafVndcx.' to Mr. Samuel Dunn (over and above the Sum which he has already received) as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, and in having luper-intended the printing thereof; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Add relies be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Report from Committee o Finances of India.

744 17 9 Juki. ' 1797,

Ordered, That Mr. Brodick do make the Report Pagodas, amounted to Forty (even Lacks Thirty-five from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine Pagodas, was referred to take into Consideration the State of the That it appears to this Committee, That

Finances of India. the Charges incurred by the India Company, at

Mr. Brodrick accordingly reported from the said the Presidency of and the Settlemmrs

Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern directed to be reported to the House; which he read Circars, under the respective Heads ot, Post Olhce, Civil, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings-Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow- and Fortifications, which were estimated for toe.hear eth; viz. 1795-6 to amount to Forty-six Lacks Eleven thousand

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pagodas, amounted the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in to Fifty-three Lacks Eight thousand Nine hundred and the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, anil from Forty-ieven Pagodas.

Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage , That it appears to this Committee, That

Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude the Annual Revenues of the East Company, at

Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Average of Three Years, 1793 — 4 to 1795-6, both in- Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1796-7, elusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Eighty-three Lacks, arc estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and Six, Current to amount to Fifty-three Lacks Ninety-eight thou-Rupees. land Five hundred and Six Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears, to this Committee, That Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

the Annual Revenues of th e East India Company, in the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Company, at the Presidency of For! Saint George, and in Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the re-estimated for the Year 1795-6 to amount to Five spective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1796-7, are efti-Crore Sixty-three Lacks, Twelve thousand Seven hun- mated, by the Governor and Conned of Madras, ta dred and Eighty Current Rupees, amounted to Five amount to the Sum of I iity Lacks thirteen thousand Crore Sixty-nine Lacks, Forty-one thousand Nine and Sixty-two Pagodas.

hundred and Forty-four Current Rupees. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements l'ub-the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in ordinate thereto, amounted, on an Average of Three Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Years, 1793-4 to 1795-6, both inclusive, to the Sum of Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Twenty-six Lacks Twenty-one thousand Six hundred Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Cuf- and Sixty-leven Rupees.

toms, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Salt and Opium, which were estimated, for the Year the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at 1795-6, at Three Crore Fifty Lacks, Eighty-eight the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fub-thousand Two hundred and Twenty-six Current Ru- ordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year pees, amounted to Three Crore Sixty-three Lacks, I.795' > to amount to Twenty-three Lacks Ninety-Sixty-nine thousand Four hundred and Forty Current eight thousand and Thirteen Rupees, amounted to Rupees. Twenty-four Lacks Sixty-seven thousand Five hundred

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and Twenty-eight Rupees, the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fub-Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude ordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts 1795 6, to amount to Sixty-three Lacks Ninety thou-from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1796-7, land Two hundred and Thirty Rupees, amounted to are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, Sixty-five Lacks Fourteen thousand Four hundred and to amount to the Sum of Five Crore Seventy-one Tifty-eight Rupees.

Lacks, Five thousand One hundred and Thirteen Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Current Rupees, the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fub-the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, ordinate thereto, for the Year 1796.7, are estimated, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in hY tIlc Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Twenty-five Lacks Thirty-two thousand Nine hundred Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and anc Seventy-four Rupees.

Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Opium, for the Year 1796-7, are estimated by the Go- Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settle. -vernor General and Council to amount to the Sum of nients subordinate thereto, in the Year 1796-7, arc Three Crore Seventy-three Lacks, Thirty-eight thou- estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bomlax, to sand Five hundred a,nd Ninety-eight Current Rupees. amount to Sixty-nine Lacks Fifteen thousand lhree

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That hundred and Twenty-two Rupecs. %

the Annual Revenues of the E.ajl India Company, at Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at ments subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and the Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Depen-Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage dencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1793-4 Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Fan- to 1795‘6> both inclusive, to lwenty thousand and jore, and the Nizam, Land Revenues and Farms, and Eighty-three Spanish Dollars.

Licences, which were estimated for the Year 1793-6 to Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That amount to Fifty Lacks Sixty thousand and Seventy-five the Debts, owing by the East India Company, at the several

57 Geo. III. i7° j

several Settlements in India-, amounted, according to the latest Advices, to the Sum of Seven Crore, Fourteen Lacks, Sixty thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-ieven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee; That the Part of the at'oresaid Debts bearing Interest, amounted to Five Crore, Fifty-nine Lacks, One thousand Four hundred and Twenty-one Current Rupees', and that the Interest thereon amounted to Forty-one Lacks, Ninety-three thousand Four hundred and Forty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the \ aluc of Allots in India, confiding of Calli in the Treatuvies, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and Stores for Use or Sale, amounted, according to the latest Advices (including Current Rupees, Four Crore, Eighty-six Lacks, Ninety thousand Two hundred and Seventeen, of Debts stated to be owing to the Company there) to Eight Crore, Ninety-five Lacks, Eighty-six thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balance of Stock in Favour of the East India Company's Commerce in Ch amounted, according to the latest Advices, to the Sum of Two hundred Seventy-nine thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds.

Revived, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain,including One Million Ninety-six thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds of Debt trans» jferred from India, amounted on the ift of March 1797, to Seven Millions Nine hundred and Sixteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and a-float Outward, consisting of Annuities, Calli in the Treasury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold, Cargoes a-float, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on the ift of March 1797, to the Sum of Twelve Millions Four hundred and Seventy-six thousand Eight hundred and Thirteen Pounds.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated on an Average to amount to Four Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1796-7, to the Sum of Six Millions One hundred and Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Ten Pounds.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Northamp- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tenihire vvnt. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northampton, in the Room of Thomas Powys, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern J lundreds of Stole, Dejborong/t, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Bill for grant- Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from aJpardoiu'0" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill reported. to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under l'uch Sentences, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Vo l.52.

One; and, upoA the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee o making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, London for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship- Billow report ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of Lon- Evidence. don, is committed, do report to the House the Minutes of the Evidence which they have taken.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for Meet-re solve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, insof ?»>'«-upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ed. Act to Ihorten the Time, now required, for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown;

Ordered \That the said Order be postponed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty Horses addl-a further additional Duty on Horses kept and used for bui'/p oL the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrossed, to continue an Act, made Bin farther to in this present Session of Parliament intituled, " An toall'owtiie " Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and Banks in Scotamend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Par- V}®?

.. t 1 a a n r 11 1 ra 1 t certain Notes;

" hament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks and paired.

" certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under " a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom, for a Time to be limited," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive " and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act,

" passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled.

" An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking " Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying " all Persons who have ifl'ued Notes for small Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom," for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. RoJ'e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into Committee on a Committee of the vkole House, upon the Bill to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Com- ir.g Bin. mons to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

9 D to


JVrmfy

Clerk's

Franking Bill,

Reported.

Bill for disabling Revalue OrHeers in Scotland from voting at Flections, passed *

Bill to stamp Derds, Arc. in certain Cafes, passed.

17° Julii.

A. 1797.

jto report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Bill, now ingrafted, to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better secur-<" ing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such " Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, w An Act for better securing the Freedom of " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by " disabling certain Officers, employed in the Colleclion or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, u from giving their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll Of Freeholders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trail and Pofiession to Personfoffering to vote for Prefes and Clerk.

Ordered, That Mr. Fullartondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds, and other In-ffru merits, in the Cafes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making certain Regulations in the Cafes of Instruments being brought to be stamped.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they -had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

6

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 1. 1. 29. by inferring, after the Word "except," the Words " as to such."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 21. To leave out " Ten" and insert " Five " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments weye, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds and other Instruments, Bills of Exchange, Promissory, and other Notes, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, for allowing a further Time dtow-for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the present Session of Parliament for Aa intoExe-raising a Provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate <ution Palfc<1 to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Act of the present Session of Parliament for raising a Provisional Cavalry, so for as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Ross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, for granting to His Majesty Consolidate a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill, now ingrafted, to explain and amend an Bill to amend Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty'js

Feign,

37 Geo. III.

17 _ 18° Julii.

747

Ihc Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BiUtopte.

A cl for more effectually preventing the ad mini (ter- vont wiiawft& ing or taking of unlawful Oaths i without any Amend- °ath,‘ mem: And-also.

Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Southern

Proceedings on Bill for Meeting of Piulumeat.

Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Du- Shillings, by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His " ties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, and present Majesty's lleign, and on Mules; without any " for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes," Amendment: And also, J

was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, paised in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, anil for grant- Act to explain an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year w eFishery " ing other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes." of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act

Ordered That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the " for further encouraging and regulating tire Southern

"Whale Fisheries;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill further Act further to continue an Act, made in this present to c..ntin«« Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend,

" for a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of gotiation of " the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign j irory " of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of " Exchange, under r. limited Sum, within that Part " of Great Britain called England" as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing, the fame; and also for continuing such

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Ihorten the Time, now required, for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty,. His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business; ami more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair. And Notice being taken. That Forty Members were

not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and subsequent Act; without any Amendment: And Forty Members r. t being present, and it being then a °» after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morn-, ing. Ten of the Clock. t 1

Martis, 18° die Julii;

Anno 37® Georgia III1" Regis, 1797. Prayers.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Deeds Duty Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Bill *

Duty on Deeds; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to pre-Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin coiiu in this Realm, made, or to be made, current by Pro- el s clamation, or ariy Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin;.without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bilitopre-Act for the better preventing the forging or counter- vent so m feiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, wituetS!0 or other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfer

Report of Evi *

derue taken before the Committee on London Docks, &c. RiU.

Temped' Elhte Bill, committed.

MR. Manning, pursuant to the Order of the House of Stocks or. Funds, which now are, or by any Act or of Yesterday, reported from the Committee, Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transfer-to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, rable at the Bank of England, or for the Transfer of any Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommoda- Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Com-tion and Security' of Shipping, Commerce, and Re- pany of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, or venue, within the Port of London, was committed; the for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock,

Minutes of the Evidence taken by them; which he or any Stocks or Funds, under the Management of the read in his Place: And afterwards delivered in at the South Sea Company, or for the Transfer of any Part Clerk's Table. of the Capital Stock of the East India Company, or

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of such Table. , Stocks or Funds; without any Amendment: And

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other also,

Papers of this Session. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Clock , &c.

Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Duty B‘ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Clocks and Watches; without any Amendment: And Act for vesting in new Trustees the Sum of Forty also,

thousand Pounds, given, by a Codicil annexed to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Macklin's Will of John Temped, Esquire, to FarrerIVren and Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Col- Lottcy Bill Robert Shaftd, Esquires, upon certain Trusts in the lection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his.

Gallery in Fleet Street, by way of Chance; without any Amendment: And also.

Committee to fit Tomorrow.

said Codicil mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don, Mr, John Smyth, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

The Lords have agreed to

Horse Duty Biii,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lottery 1 Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sutn of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An F i''er Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or 1 s

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pophatn and Mr.

IValher:

Mr. Speaker,

Tfce Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on sand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; without any certain Horlcs, before charged with a Duty of Two Amendment: And allb,

Vol. 52. The

748 18° Julii. A, 1797 *

Servant# aJ.r- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tmiul Duties jpor gating to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants; without any Amendment: And also,

BilltoregtiUte The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An India!With Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India, by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also.

Additional The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SS1 1' Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on Certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and confirmed in this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also, n KIvfnn 11 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An «fth Amend- Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors; with ments. some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, iiiiiam inclo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An anAjnind!lth Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open mem. Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Parish of

Monk Fryftone, in the West Riding of the County of York-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

wefton inclo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Amendments! Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of fVefon,in the county of ; with some

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

LordsAmend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration lamincloi'ure Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, in-Bil),agreed to tituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of,

in the Parish of Monk Frystone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 72. 1. 22. After " made" insert Clause (A.)

' Clause (A.) " Provided always, That nothing

" herein contained shall extend, " or be construed to extend to prejudice or affect any Rights " or Interests of the Lord of the " Manor of Birkin, in the County " of York, or of the Proprietors " in Birkin, pr of any of -them,

" in or upon a certain Moor or " Common called Mafpin or " Moor, but that

" all such Rights and Interests " shall be saved, reserved, and " continued to them, and every " of them, in as full, ample, and " beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as before the passing of this Act, or as " if this Act had not been made, " any Thing herein contained " to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Deputy of the Clerk Deputy of the House of Commons, to lend and receive Letters "

and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, was read paired. ' the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Commons, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the . Bill , to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to, enable His Majesty more easily ®ili for prant-and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons „nn|| under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regu- parted, late Imprisonment under such Sentences, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Confidefation the Lord# A-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Deb- Debtor# Bill, tors. agreed to.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 63. I. 18. Leave out from Aft" to "provided," in Press 64, Line 34.

Pr. 65. 1. 14. Leave out " the said County," and1 insert " the said West Riding " of the County of York aforesaid." '

The said Amendments being fevecally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lord?; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord# A-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and clofureBili, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- agreed to tures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Hertford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 35. After " allotted" insert " shall , " ceale and be for ever extin-

" tinguished."

Pr. 63. 1. 37. Leave out " of'and insert " and."

The said Amendments.being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Committee on That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a ‘g ofp fia!" Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed ment.

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to shorten the Time, now required, for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Succefl'ors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, and'more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown;

The

-_____Zn

37 Geo. III.

188 — 19° Juki.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr -m r .1 nr- ChfllitS 1 Ot'kCm )

Tellers for the W(Mr- p ,. 49-

Tellers'for the Noesj: P""!n'?' } 3.

(Mr. U; j 0

So it wastrofolved in the Affirmative:

The 1 louse accordingly rciolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And ho delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refvkrd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the

Morning, Ten of

House adjourned the Clock.

till Tomorrow

Mercurity 19° Julii;

Anno 37° Georgii III'" Regis, 1797.

Pray ers.

RovtJ AEfent to Bills.

749

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horles, before charged with a Duty of Two Shillings, by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise, and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom:

An Act for granting to His Majesty, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven:

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin in this Realm, made, or to be made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any Counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin:

An Act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfers of Stocks or Funds, which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be, made transferable at the Bank of , or for the Transfer

of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of , called Bank Stock,

or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock, or any Stocks or Funds, under the Management of the

Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher South Sea Company, or for the Transfer of any Part of

of the Black Rod Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

the Capital Stock of the East India Company, or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of such Stocks or Funds:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace:

An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British PolTessions in India by the Ships of

Nations in Amity with His Majesty:

An Act for regulating the Shipping and carrying

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

1_I -_1- :__3 1.....IT' A A n 4 - -r 1 .1 1___r?___________‘

of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester., the Lord Archbishop of,

the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of IVoji,norland, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accord-

An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland: An Act for authorising His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or, Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, to the Islands of Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and UTe of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a limited Time:

An Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts:"

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third

ingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland,therein particularly described, for a limited

Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Sc

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and " for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provision for those Purposes:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the ‘Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more " ealy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies, in Am," as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts:

An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of

An Act for granting to His Majesty several addi- Vessels entered qutwards, for the Purpose of carrying tional Duties on Inhabited Houses: Slaves from the Coast 0;

Vo L.

5 *

9

E

An

190 Julii. 1797.

An Act further to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " l'uf'pend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two " Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for rellraining the " Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills " of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called ,"as revived,

ailiended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing, the fame; and also for continuing l'uch subsequent Act:

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Southern Whale Fisheries

An Act for more effectually preventing the adminiltering or taking of unlawful Oaths:

An Act to lhorten the Time, now required, for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business; and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown:

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors: An Act for assessing the Commissioners of the TaxOffice and their Officers,to the Land Tax,in the Diftrift called, Offices executed in West m infer Hall, n 01 w i t h Hand i ng the

Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place:

An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of in the County of Ayr:

An Act for discontinuing the new Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Losses, and for the Improvement of the old Harbour of Rye:

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent,

in the County of Dorset, with Water:

An Act for building a Bridge over Burjledon River, at or near the Ferry of Burin the County of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near,

within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said County of Southampton r

An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and " repairing the Road from Bridge, by

" Foodie's Mill, Inverkeishing, Aberdotir, Kirkcaldy,

" Gallatotvn, and Cameron Bridge, to and other

" Roads, in the County of Fife," and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County:

An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance:

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the County of Salop, deviled by the Will of General Harry Pu/teney, for the Purpose of affecting an Exchange thereof with the Right honourable Thomas Noel Lord , and for

settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled: An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Chattlehohl Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Esquire, and

Elizabeth his Wile, and lituate in the County of So-

merfet,in the said John Pbiney, hii Heirs Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trulls by such Settlement limited and declared of the fame, and for settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattlehold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, situate in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof:

An Act for appointing Trullees for carrying into Execution certain Trulls and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, in the room of Samuel Fenton, Merchant, and Thomas Fenton, Esquire, the Trullees therein named, who departed this Life in the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trullees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is leifed in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Fryjione,in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adflock, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Drayton Parjlozv, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raunds, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, or Hinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of Fork:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Waites, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosingv certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York, and making Compensation for the' great Tithes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of Pontefratl, and Carleton,

within the Parish of Pontefractand also for the Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parish cs of Great driver ell and Little driver e//, in the County of Wilts:

An

t.

L

1

1

37 Geo. III. r9° Juki,

75 i

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common FicMs, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage cf Merchant, with Eleanor his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein menti >ned:

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois de -mant . '

Po\er Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ; for the electing of a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of , in the County of Kent, in the room of Charles Small Pybus, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ptnrjn Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament fir the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Wallace, Esquire, 1 who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted! the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

OrfordWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of llis Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

ArmidaWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex,in the room of Sir George Thomas, Baronet, who, lince his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. have agreed to Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Ei- India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Biit withe Act for abolishing the Office of One of the Judges of Amendments, the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta-, for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for diminishing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, in the " East India Company, for a further Term, the Poffession of the Bri Territories in India, together " with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the " Government of the said Territories, and the better <fAdminiltration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay ;" and for other Pur-poics; with some Amendments; to which Amend-Vol. 52.

ments the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill far Ad-Act for the better Administration of Justice at Madras "f and Bombay; for preventing British Subjects lending Madras, Uc. Money to any of the Native Princes in with- Amendment

put the Content of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of llcquest at Madras,;

and Calcutta; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House'.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti- jmUca-tuled; An Act for abolishing the Office of One of the ture Bill put Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta; for enabling His Majesty to grant Allowances to Judges returning to Europe, in certain Cafes; for. diminishing the Expence of the said Court, and of Proceedings therein; for amending and explaining an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India,together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories,

1 and the better Administration of Justice within the ‘ fame; for appropriating to certain Uses the Reve- .

‘ nues and Profits of the said Company; and' for ‘ making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay and for other Purposes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 10. Leave out from " Manual' to " to" in Line 12.

Pr. 7. 1. 10. Leave out from " Court " to " pay" in Line 11, and insert " shall."

1. it. Leave out " to."

Pr. 9. 1. 29. Leave out from " Report " to " And" in Press 13, Line 12.

The said Amendments being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months *

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the LortbAmend-Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better Administration of Justice at ftntion of Madras and Bombay; for preventing British Subjects ]."jti£'atylad' lending Money to any of the Native Princes in 'for/Ut'

without the Consent of the Court of Directors of the Months.

East India Company, or the Governor in Council of any of their Settlements; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Request at Madras, Bombay, and Calcutta.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 5. Leave out from " Manual " to " to " in Line 8.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newark Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Thomas Manners Sutton, Esquire, who, lince his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty's Justice of the Counties of Merioneth, Carnarvon, and Anglesea, within the Principality of Wales.

The

75

190 J.

A. 1797-

Bill for better

Aihuiniura-tiwii ot justice

at Calcutta,

M.vhus,

ordered.

' The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- the Eafi which was presented to the House upon

nal of the' House, of the 4th Day of July 1788, of the the 30th Day of June lad, might be again read.

Tempers Estate Bill, reported, and passed *

Bill for better

Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, & c. presented j

com milted.

Proceedings of the House, upon taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing certain temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to the tji Indies, and elsewhere, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the journal of the House, of the 4th Day of July 1788, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa,

might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of July 1788, of the Proceedings of the House upon another Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coait of Africa, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Administration of Justice at Ma-

dras, and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

BHl.coni-dcf-

cdj

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be nqw received.

The Lord 'Hawkesbury accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QueRion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee appointed Reports fro to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public commute on Debts, and of the IntereR and Charges attending the Finance.

for vetting in new Trustees the Sum of Forty thousand fame, as they Rood on the 5th of January 1797; dif; ~ ~ ' tinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th

of January 1793: Atld likewise, of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exiRed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the inefeased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise, to examine and Rate the Amount of any Unfunded Debt or Demands out-Randing on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or eRimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the lame; and who were inRrufted to Rate an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Re-duftion of the Public Debt since the 5th of July

Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will of John TempeJ, Esquire, to Farrer Wren and Robert Shafto, Esquires, upon certain TruRs in the said Codicil mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. r he Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

L. 1. After "in" to insert "a" and to leave out "TruRees" and insert "TruRee" inRead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the QueRion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually ap-

Petition,

referred *

Ordered, That Mr. Bttrdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their LordAiips.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better AdminiRration of JuRice at Calcutta, Madras, and , and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in; And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Thatthe said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of trading to

plicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also inRrufted to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to controul the several Brandies of the Public Expenditure, and how far the lan'e haw been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any, and what, farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; reported. That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make several other Reports to the House; and he read the Reports in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with Appendixes thereunto, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Reports were read.

6 Ordered,

37 Geo. III.

19" Julii.

753

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Du-Table. plicates ot Exchequer Bids, Lottery Tickets, Certi-

Ordered, That the said Reports, with the Appen- ffeates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loll.

dixes, be printed.

The laid Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

The Lords hive agreed to

Bill Co ameud Act for Prc -r nuou oi detect ive Weight.

Deputy Clerk's Fraukuig Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Mairily, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention of " the Use of defective Weights, and of falle and un- equal Balances;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of

Consoli !:ited Fund Bill.

Commons, for the Time being, to lend and receive

burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without an) Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to 'the Bill, intituled, An Bill furtv -Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of nat Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, BanHinScotfor a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the 1:md,to ! '[e " present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act certunioes,( " to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies;

" in that Part of Great Britain called S to issue

" Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Redons who " have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that " Part of the United Kingdom," for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for dist-Acl to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fecund »imsR.cve-

O'.. c rs

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, in Sco-lamt " An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections fro,‘! vol'ntr

0 . . of V <

Bill for errmt-ine lomlku-lul l\udons. *

Bill to flump Dtcds, N:c. in certain Cales.

Bill to amend Legacy Duty Att.

" of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling " certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving " their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefcs or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjultment of the Roll of Freeholders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trull and Possession to Persons offering to vote for Prefes and

at Lltttions,

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of PoRage; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable 11 is Majesty more easily and effectually to grant Conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate 1m-prilumnent under such Sentences; without any Amendment: And -bib.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Conunifnoneiu of Stamp Duties to

Ramp Deeds and other InRium.nts, Bills of Exchange, Clerk; without any Amendment,

Promissory and other Notes, in the Cafes therein men- And then the Messengers withdrew, tioned; without any Amendment': And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An An ingrossed Bill for the better AdminiRration of Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the JuRice at and Bombay, and for pre- tioiTof justice

Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, venting British Subjects from being egneerned in Loans atCaicum,

" An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies to the Native Princes in India, was read the Third Time.

Horses additional Duty Bill *

Bill for allow ‘ ing Time to /carry Cavalry Ad into Execution.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better AdminiRration of JuRice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deffre their Concurrence.

Amendments

to Tempeit's £state Bill.

" and Shares of Personal ERruc, and for granting " other Duties thereon in certain Cafes;" without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An The House being informed that Mr. (from the Minutes and

o 7 7 o ✓ > # a r

Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Exe- Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River cution certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the Thames, from the City of to the opposite ersot'West-

present Session of Parliament, for raifng a Provisional Shore in the County of attended at the Door,

Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering he was called in; and, at the Bar, preferited to the rented? and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Pro- House, pursuant to the Directions ol several Acts of

Parliament,

Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of

Weslmi Bridge, from the 23d of April 1795; to the 12th of April 1797: And also,

The Accounts of John C/emeidson, as Treasurer to the

visional Cavalry, in Rich Counties,-and Subdiviffons of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made

by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vcR- Commissioners of Bridge, from the 5th of

ing in new TruRecs the Sum of Forty thousand ----- ----- ----- ----- -' ' ' c -

Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will of

John Tempejl, Esquire, to Farter Wren'and Robert

Shafto, Esquires, upon certain TruRs in the said Codicil mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of The Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, leven; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

January 1796 to the jth of 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing thfe said Minutes and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table; to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongR the other Papers of this Session;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VoL.

9 *

tit.

754

r9° — 20° Juki.

A. 1797.

JVfTi Speaker having, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made his Appointment of Members of the House of Commons, for the issuing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cafes therein mentioned, the same is here entered in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; and is as follows:

IV pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to repeal so much of u Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making u out Writs for the Election of Alembers to serve in

Mr. Speaker's PJojin nation ot Members to i/fne War-mnts for new W Wes.

cc Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and " for substituting other Provisions for the like Pur-<c poses;" I do hereby nominate and appoint, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Catnpbell, the Right honourable Sylvejier Douglas, the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, William Plume.r, Esquire, Thomas Berney BramJlony Esquire, and William Wilberforce, Esquire, being Members of the House of Commons, or any One of them, to ifl'ue Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cafes in the said Act specified. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Henry Addington,

Speaker.

Old Sdrum Writ.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for better Adminillration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, &c.

Reports from the Select Committee on Finance.

Jovify 20° die Julii;

Anno 370 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers *

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgels, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old , in

the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Momingt in the Kingdom of

Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty'sThree Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker, ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Administration of Justice at,

Madras, and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjoins from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ailbot, from the Select Committee appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the lame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen lince the 5th o {January 1793: And likevvile, of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exilled previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increal'ed Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise, to examine and state the Amount of any Unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences or the Year ending

1 , O

the 5th of January 1798, as fur as the same can now be ascertained oreftimated by the several Officers; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were

instruifted to state an Account of the Progrels tftat has been made in the Reduiftion of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also inflrudled to examine and conltder what Regulations and Cheeky have been applied in order to control the feveraf Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far thq same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken plice, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of l'uch Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; and vyho were empowered to report their Proceedings, . from, Time to Time, to the House; reported. That the Committee had made a further Progrels in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make several other Reports to the House; and he read the Reports in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with Appendixes thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Reports were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the said Reports, with the Appendixes, be printed.

The laid Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Pit'enwetm, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for &c, Wnt the eletfting of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Pittenwcem,

Anjhuther Wester., Anjhuther F.ajier, and

in the room of John Anflrulher, Esquire, who, since his Eiedion for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta.

Mr. Douylas reported to the House, That their Ad-

dress of Monday last (that His Majesty would be gra-cioully pleated to confer l'ome Dignity in the Church upon the Keverend Mr. IVillium Bu/ly; Chaplain to this

Answ-'rs t<7 AdJ rclifs.

57 Geo. III. 26° yutiL

755

this House) hath been presented to Mis Majesty; and that Mis Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will confer feme Dignity in the Church Ujx>n the Reverend Mr. Bnjby, as is desired.

Mr. Douglas also reported to the House, That their Addrdl'es of Monday lull (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum ot One thousand Four hundred and Ninety Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, for the Expence incurred in printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, compiled by Mr. Samuel Dunn-, and also, that His Majesty would be graciously plealed to order the Sum of Two hundred and Ten Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George for making an In-

dex to the Yrotes of this-House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and also, that His Majesty would be gra-cioully pleated to direct such Compensation as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Persons appointed by the I-ords CommuTioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to examine and tax the Bills of Colts and

w' *

Expences of Me incurs Wallis and Trozcard, Solicitors on the Part of the Prosecution in the Impeachment againl!: Warren Ha dings, Esquirej and also, that His Majesty wouhTbe graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Samuel Hurt1 (over and above the Sum which he has already received) at a final Compensation f>rhis Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to tr.e Journals of this House, from the Yew 177410 the Year 1790, and in having superintended the printing thereof; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give, Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Kovnl A (lent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis *

to Bill . tietiXyGentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was plealed to give the Royal A (lent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill following,

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of The Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Mo nies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefliun of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on I lories kept and used for the Purpolb of R iding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned:

An A eft to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tl.irty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and " Shares of Personal Estate, and for granting other " Duties thereon in certain Cafes:"

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to Damp Deeds and other Instruments, Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, in the Cafes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, and , and for preventing -

till:Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in Indi: An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive Vol. 52.

" and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an " Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums, under a " certain Amount, for a limited T!»ne, and for indemnifying all Persons w ho have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom," for a limited Time:

An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in Two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Cavalry, l'o far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said Provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Sub-divisions of Counties, wherein, the said Acts have not been carried into Execution:

An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant Conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Impril'onment under l'uch Sentences:

An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Commons, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the,

Thirty-filth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention " of the Use of defective Weights, and of falfeand unequal Balances:"

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to fervein parliament, by " di fabling certain Officer's, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues,

" from giving their Votes at such Elections," by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders in that Part of Great called Scotland;

and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trust and Possession to Persons offering to vote For Preles and Clerk:

An Act for vesting in a new Trustee the Sum of Forty Thousand Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will of John Tempejl, El'quire, to Farm Wren and Robert Shafto, Esquires, upon certain Trusts in the

laid Codicil mentioned.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a His Majesty' moll Gracious Speech from the Throne to bothHouses sPeecb' of Parliament, as followeth; viz

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament, without returning you My most sincere and coiyiial Thanks, for the Assiduity and Zeal with which you have applied yourselves to the important Objects which have required your Attention, and for the Wisdom and Firmncls which you have manifested in the new and difficult Emergencies for which you have had to provide.

I mull particularly express the just Sense I entertain of the salutary and effectual Provisions which you made for {Lengthening the Means of National Defence, and the Measures adopted for obviating the Inconveniencies which were to be apprehended to Credit from the temporary Suspension of Payments in Cash by the Bank; as well as of the Promptitude, Vigour, and Effect, with which you afforded Me your Assistance and Support in l'uppressing the daring and treasonable Mutiny which broke out in a Part of My Fleet, and in ebun-terafting lo dangerous and pernicious an Example.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that, since the Accession of the present Emperor of ,the

Corn-

parliament

prorogued *

756 ao° Juki. — 50 OBobris. . 1797.

Commercial Engagements between the Two Countries have been renewed, in tuch a Manner as will, 1 doubt not, materially conduce to their mutual Interests.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I must return you My particular Thanks for the liberal and extensive Provision which you have made for the various Exigencies of the Public Service; and, while I lament the Necessity which encreased them to so large an Amount, it is a Consolation to Me to observe the Attention you employed in distributing the heavy Burdens which they occasioned, in such a Manner as to render their Pressure as little severe as possible to My People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Issue of the Important Negotiation in which I am engaged, is yet uncertain: But,'whatever may be the Event, nothing will have been Wanting, on My Part, to bring it to a successful Termination on such Conditions as may be confident with the Security, Honour, and elfential Intereds of My Dominions. In the mean Time, nothing can so much tend to forward the Attainment of Peace, as the Continuance of that Zeal, Exertion, and Public Spirit, of which My Subjects have given such conspicuousi and honourable Proofs, and of which the Perseverance and Firmness of Parliament has afforded them so driking an Example.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that

this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 5th Day of October next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 5th Day of October next.

Jovisy 50 die OBobris;

Anno 37° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country,

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The'Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Alfidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the 2d Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday, the ad Day of November next,

[Index removed.]

